[00:08:41] everybody hey everybody hey give me back. Good morning and welcome to GitHub Good morning and welcome to GitHub Copilot Day. We are live here from the Copilot Day. We are live here from the Copilot Day. We are live here from the studios at Microsoft and we have an studios at Microsoft and we have an studios at Microsoft and we have an exciting day for you today. Thank you so exciting day for you today. Thank you so exciting day for you today. Thank you so much for being with us. We know that much for being with us. We know that
[00:09:11] much for being with us. We know that you're here from all around the world. you're here from all around the world. you're here from all around the world. It's all hours of the day, maybe even It's all hours of the day, maybe even It's all hours of the day, maybe even the middle of the night. We appreciate the middle of the night. We appreciate the middle of the night. We appreciate that. Thank you so much. Today is all that. Thank you so much. Today is all that. Thank you so much. Today is all about everything that's new in GitHub about everything that's new in GitHub about everything that's new in GitHub Copilot. So much has been added, things Copilot. So much has been added, things Copilot. So much has been added, things we're going to show you, not just today, we're going to show you, not just today, we're going to show you, not just today, but things that have been added in the but things that have been added in the but things that have been added in the past few weeks. And if you if you think past few weeks. And if you if you think past few weeks. And if you if you think you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust me, you haven't seen it. So, we're me, you haven't seen it. So, we're me, you haven't seen it. So, we're excited to be able to show you that excited to be able to show you that excited to be able to show you that today. We have an exciting agenda. We today. We have an exciting agenda. We today. We have an exciting agenda. We got two hours of live sessions followed got two hours of live sessions followed got two hours of live sessions followed by two hours of live coding where myself by two hours of live coding where myself
[00:09:42] by two hours of live coding where myself and Pierce are going to get together and Pierce are going to get together and Pierce are going to get together and uh do a little coding live for a couple uh do a little coding live for a couple uh do a little coding live for a couple of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of stuff throughout the day including some stuff throughout the day including some stuff throughout the day including some very special guests, but you'll have to very special guests, but you'll have to very special guests, but you'll have to stick around and uh see who those folks stick around and uh see who those folks stick around and uh see who those folks are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for you. So again, we're glad you're here. you. So again, we're glad you're here. you. So again, we're glad you're here. Um that's what we've got planned for you Um that's what we've got planned for you Um that's what we've got planned for you today. It's going to be super exciting. today. It's going to be super exciting. today. It's going to be super exciting. We're so glad that you're here with us. We're so glad that you're here with us. We're so glad that you're here with us. And to get all of this started though, And to get all of this started though, And to get all of this started though, I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief
[00:10:14] I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief operating officer at GitHub. And by the operating officer at GitHub. And by the operating officer at GitHub. And by the way, uh GitHub representative on way, uh GitHub representative on way, uh GitHub representative on Twitter. If you're there, make sure that Twitter. If you're there, make sure that Twitter. If you're there, make sure that you reach out to him. He'd love to hear you reach out to him. He'd love to hear you reach out to him. He'd love to hear from you. But let's kick it over to him from you. But let's kick it over to him from you. But let's kick it over to him uh to get this whole thing started. And uh to get this whole thing started. And uh to get this whole thing started. And let's do it. Excited. Let's go. Hey everyone, I'm Kyle Dagel, the COO of Hey everyone, I'm Kyle Dagel, the COO of GitHub and the CMO of developer for GitHub and the CMO of developer for GitHub and the CMO of developer for Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever GitHub co-pilot day. We created this GitHub co-pilot day. We created this
[00:10:44] GitHub co-pilot day. We created this event because honestly, we couldn't wait event because honestly, we couldn't wait event because honestly, we couldn't wait until GitHub Universe next month to show until GitHub Universe next month to show until GitHub Universe next month to show you all that we've been building. And you all that we've been building. And you all that we've been building. And while we don't just want to announce while we don't just want to announce while we don't just want to announce what's new and shiny, today we're going what's new and shiny, today we're going what's new and shiny, today we're going to put it to work and show you what's to put it to work and show you what's to put it to work and show you what's possible and hopefully give you a few possible and hopefully give you a few possible and hopefully give you a few ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is already a part of your daily workflow, already a part of your daily workflow, already a part of your daily workflow, thank you for building with us. We think thank you for building with us. We think thank you for building with us. We think you'll see a few surprises today. And if you'll see a few surprises today. And if you'll see a few surprises today. And if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you just haven't used it in a while, you just haven't used it in a while,
[00:11:15] you just haven't used it in a while, this is a great day to take another look this is a great day to take another look this is a great day to take another look and join us with the best version of and join us with the best version of and join us with the best version of GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this event, you already know software event, you already know software event, you already know software development is moving and changing development is moving and changing development is moving and changing incredibly fast. Since April, monthly incredibly fast. Since April, monthly incredibly fast. Since April, monthly commits on GitHub have more than doubled commits on GitHub have more than doubled commits on GitHub have more than doubled from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion commits a month. That's a lot more code. commits a month. That's a lot more code. commits a month. That's a lot more code. But more code alone isn't the goal. As But more code alone isn't the goal. As But more code alone isn't the goal. As agents take on more of the loop, the way agents take on more of the loop, the way
[00:11:46] agents take on more of the loop, the way we build shifts dramatically. A prompt we build shifts dramatically. A prompt we build shifts dramatically. A prompt becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes a coordinated system. And our becomes a coordinated system. And our becomes a coordinated system. And our time shifts from producing every line to time shifts from producing every line to time shifts from producing every line to shaping what gets built. That makes shaping what gets built. That makes shaping what gets built. That makes quality, security, trust, and cost more quality, security, trust, and cost more quality, security, trust, and cost more important, not less. Meeting that bar important, not less. Meeting that bar important, not less. Meeting that bar takes more than a powerful model. It takes more than a powerful model. It takes more than a powerful model. It takes the right system around it. takes the right system around it. takes the right system around it. Context, tools, checks, and a smart way Context, tools, checks, and a smart way Context, tools, checks, and a smart way to put every single model to work. And to put every single model to work. And
[00:12:18] to put every single model to work. And that last part is much harder than it that last part is much harder than it that last part is much harder than it sounds. A new model launches every week sounds. A new model launches every week sounds. A new model launches every week just about, and they've become a part of just about, and they've become a part of just about, and they've become a part of developer culture. We try them, we developer culture. We try them, we developer culture. We try them, we compare notes, and we debate our compare notes, and we debate our compare notes, and we debate our favorites. I do it, too. I did it all favorites. I do it, too. I did it all favorites. I do it, too. I did it all weekend. Then the practical questions weekend. Then the practical questions weekend. Then the practical questions arrive. Which model should I use for arrive. Which model should I use for arrive. Which model should I use for this? For which task? At what cost? And this? For which task? At what cost? And this? For which task? At what cost? And our time isn't unlimited and neither are our time isn't unlimited and neither are our time isn't unlimited and neither are our tokens. That's why this past week we our tokens. That's why this past week we our tokens. That's why this past week we announced hydrofusion in research announced hydrofusion in research
[00:12:48] announced hydrofusion in research preview. A new approach designed to take preview. A new approach designed to take preview. A new approach designed to take on those decisions for you. The idea is on those decisions for you. The idea is on those decisions for you. The idea is simple, even if the engineering around simple, even if the engineering around simple, even if the engineering around it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task and decides whether to use one model and decides whether to use one model and decides whether to use one model directly. Start with an efficient model directly. Start with an efficient model directly. Start with an efficient model and escalate if needed or have one model and escalate if needed or have one model and escalate if needed or have one model draft while another critiques and draft while another critiques and draft while another critiques and improves the result. In offline evals improves the result. In offline evals improves the result. In offline evals with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion improved quality by 4.9 points while improved quality by 4.9 points while
[00:13:18] improved quality by 4.9 points while reducing estimated cost by 67% when reducing estimated cost by 67% when reducing estimated cost by 67% when compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk a lot about our commitment to model a lot about our commitment to model a lot about our commitment to model choice over the years and Hydrofusion is choice over the years and Hydrofusion is choice over the years and Hydrofusion is the next evolution of that. better the next evolution of that. better the next evolution of that. better quality, lower cost, and a lot less quality, lower cost, and a lot less quality, lower cost, and a lot less model shopping for you to do. Now, it's model shopping for you to do. Now, it's model shopping for you to do. Now, it's a research preview, so we're still a research preview, so we're still a research preview, so we're still learning, but the direction is clear. learning, but the direction is clear. learning, but the direction is clear. Better results shouldn't require more Better results shouldn't require more Better results shouldn't require more complexity or cost more for developers. complexity or cost more for developers.
[00:13:49] complexity or cost more for developers. Now, model orchestration is just one Now, model orchestration is just one Now, model orchestration is just one piece of the system. The shared runtime piece of the system. The shared runtime piece of the system. The shared runtime now powers the Copilot CLI and the now powers the Copilot CLI and the now powers the Copilot CLI and the GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, that same runtime becomes a foundation that same runtime becomes a foundation that same runtime becomes a foundation for the tools and workflows that you for the tools and workflows that you for the tools and workflows that you build. And you can start with the agent build. And you can start with the agent build. And you can start with the agent infrastructure we use ourselves at infrastructure we use ourselves at infrastructure we use ourselves at GitHub, then shape it around your users GitHub, then shape it around your users GitHub, then shape it around your users and code bases and of course your way of and code bases and of course your way of and code bases and of course your way of working. And while agents can do more of working. And while agents can do more of working. And while agents can do more of the work, you still decide what ships. the work, you still decide what ships.
[00:14:21] the work, you still decide what ships. Now, I know you came to see what this Now, I know you came to see what this Now, I know you came to see what this changes in your workflow. So, let's get changes in your workflow. So, let's get changes in your workflow. So, let's get right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion routing real tasks, agent skills, making routing real tasks, agent skills, making routing real tasks, agent skills, making proven approaches reusable, and the proven approaches reusable, and the proven approaches reusable, and the GitHub copilot app coordinating across GitHub copilot app coordinating across GitHub copilot app coordinating across real repositories. Then we'll show how real repositories. Then we'll show how real repositories. Then we'll show how you can build on the same foundation you can build on the same foundation you can build on the same foundation with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many of you came to watch Burke and Pierce of you came to watch Burke and Pierce of you came to watch Burke and Pierce code live. I did too. and everything code live. I did too. and everything code live. I did too. and everything before that will give them more powerful before that will give them more powerful
[00:14:53] before that will give them more powerful tools to build with and more interesting tools to build with and more interesting tools to build with and more interesting ways to code live with all of you. So, ways to code live with all of you. So, ways to code live with all of you. So, everybody wins. Look, your workflow has everybody wins. Look, your workflow has everybody wins. Look, your workflow has changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see what we've been building. We've got a what we've been building. We've got a what we've been building. We've got a lot to cover today. So, let's go build >> I love that guy. >> I love that guy. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Got to love him. I love those >> Got to love him. I love those >> Got to love him. I love those little dimples. It makes brings a smile little dimples. It makes brings a smile little dimples. It makes brings a smile to my face just watching him talk. I to my face just watching him talk. I
[00:15:24] to my face just watching him talk. I love it. I'm James Montag with me. love it. I'm James Montag with me. love it. I'm James Montag with me. Pierce Boen over here. Pierce Boen over here. Pierce Boen over here. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> And we're super jazzed just to be >> And we're super jazzed just to be >> And we're super jazzed just to be bringing you everything that Kyle just bringing you everything that Kyle just bringing you everything that Kyle just talked about. So, let's just honestly talked about. So, let's just honestly talked about. So, let's just honestly get right into it. Everything that get right into it. Everything that get right into it. Everything that Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from Microsoft and our amazing partners are Microsoft and our amazing partners are Microsoft and our amazing partners are really help building an agentnative really help building an agentnative really help building an agentnative engineering system. Right. From idea to engineering system. Right. From idea to engineering system. Right. From idea to production to security to deployment and production to security to deployment and production to security to deployment and so much more in that entire iterative so much more in that entire iterative so much more in that entire iterative loop. Every single day, Piers, I am loop. Every single day, Piers, I am loop. Every single day, Piers, I am changing how I build software. What's changing how I build software. What's
