[00:15:54] changing how I build software. What's unique is we used to wake up and say, unique is we used to wake up and say, unique is we used to wake up and say, "What bug am I going to start working "What bug am I going to start working "What bug am I going to start working on? What feature am I going to get 25% on? What feature am I going to get 25% on? What feature am I going to get 25% done today?" I wake up every day now and done today?" I wake up every day now and done today?" I wake up every day now and I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? How many features am I going to add? How many features am I going to add? How many features am I going to add? How much value do I get to add to my much value do I get to add to my much value do I get to add to my software for my customers?" That's software for my customers?" That's software for my customers?" That's really amazing. really amazing. really amazing. >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally changed a lot in the last year, changed a lot in the last year, changed a lot in the last year, especially since the advent of agents, especially since the advent of agents, especially since the advent of agents, definitely since the beginning of AI. definitely since the beginning of AI. definitely since the beginning of AI. And it's awesome that, you know, not And it's awesome that, you know, not And it's awesome that, you know, not only can I use something like GitHub only can I use something like GitHub only can I use something like GitHub Copilot to do these things faster, but I Copilot to do these things faster, but I
[00:16:25] Copilot to do these things faster, but I have that entire end to end where I can have that entire end to end where I can have that entire end to end where I can start with an issue, I can complete, you start with an issue, I can complete, you start with an issue, I can complete, you know, fixing that bug with GitHub know, fixing that bug with GitHub know, fixing that bug with GitHub Copilot, I can deliver that software all Copilot, I can deliver that software all Copilot, I can deliver that software all with the same platform. Like pretty with the same platform. Like pretty with the same platform. Like pretty amazing that that's all in one. amazing that that's all in one. amazing that that's all in one. >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is everywhere, right? everything that Kyle everywhere, right? everything that Kyle everywhere, right? everything that Kyle talked about from the app to the CLI to talked about from the app to the CLI to talked about from the app to the CLI to the SDK enabling you to build your own the SDK enabling you to build your own the SDK enabling you to build your own agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agent harness but the deep integrations agent harness but the deep integrations agent harness but the deep integrations VS Code teams slack that we're going VS Code teams slack that we're going VS Code teams slack that we're going to talk about and our amazing to talk about and our amazing to talk about and our amazing integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim
[00:16:57] integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim and integrations with raycast and so and integrations with raycast and so and integrations with raycast and so many more places where you can use your many more places where you can use your many more places where you can use your copilot subscription and what's crazy is copilot subscription and what's crazy is copilot subscription and what's crazy is that these are all iterating and moving that these are all iterating and moving that these are all iterating and moving so fast and honestly the team has been so fast and honestly the team has been so fast and honestly the team has been cooking if my slides will progress. cooking if my slides will progress. cooking if my slides will progress. Let's see. Uh oh, Let's see. Uh oh, Let's see. Uh oh, we threw these slides earlier, right? we threw these slides earlier, right? we threw these slides earlier, right? Oh. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, PowerPoint. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Oh, there we go. Nice little driver Oh, there we go. Nice little driver Oh, there we go. Nice little driver issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back. issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back.
[00:17:27] issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back. We'll switch back to us really quick. We'll switch back to us really quick. We'll switch back to us really quick. Perfect. All right. And I'm right back Perfect. All right. And I'm right back Perfect. All right. And I'm right back into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and go into here. All right. And we're back go into here. All right. And we're back go into here. All right. And we're back because the team has been cooking. because the team has been cooking. because the team has been cooking. >> We have been. >> We have been. >> We have been. >> There we go. And shipping so many new >> There we go. And shipping so many new >> There we go. And shipping so many new features, uh, new models, enhancements, features, uh, new models, enhancements, features, uh, new models, enhancements, performance, everything every single performance, everything every single performance, everything every single day. Basically, when you wake up, brand day. Basically, when you wake up, brand day. Basically, when you wake up, brand new updates, ready to integrate, new updates, ready to integrate, new updates, ready to integrate, ready to cook. ready to cook. ready to cook. >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like, >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like,
[00:17:57] >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like, it's not just like hypothetical that AI it's not just like hypothetical that AI it's not just like hypothetical that AI is making us move faster. I see that is making us move faster. I see that is making us move faster. I see that every day on our product and engineering every day on our product and engineering every day on our product and engineering teams across all of our products that teams across all of our products that teams across all of our products that James just said. I know it's a lot to James just said. I know it's a lot to James just said. I know it's a lot to keep up with. And so we have the GitHub keep up with. And so we have the GitHub keep up with. And so we have the GitHub change log where you can follow all the change log where you can follow all the change log where you can follow all the latest news. So just keep an eye on that latest news. So just keep an eye on that latest news. So just keep an eye on that for what the team's been shipping. for what the team's been shipping. for what the team's been shipping. >> And let's get in the code and let's >> And let's get in the code and let's >> And let's get in the code and let's cook. >> Let's do it. >> Let's do it. >> Let's do it. >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh directly in a place that maybe some of directly in a place that maybe some of directly in a place that maybe some of us are every single day either in Teams us are every single day either in Teams us are every single day either in Teams or Slack, some sort of channel. And or Slack, some sort of channel. And or Slack, some sort of channel. And actually I'm going to open this up. A actually I'm going to open this up. A actually I'm going to open this up. A little scary, but here I am inside of little scary, but here I am inside of
[00:18:29] little scary, but here I am inside of >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack in a live stream. in a live stream. in a live stream. >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke have been working on a little app we have been working on a little app we have been working on a little app we call three up, so we can kind of stay call three up, so we can kind of stay call three up, so we can kind of stay connected with each other. connected with each other. connected with each other. >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot integration directly into Slack. And it integration directly into Slack. And it integration directly into Slack. And it looks like uh Burke's been switching up looks like uh Burke's been switching up looks like uh Burke's been switching up uh last night some new layouts here. I uh last night some new layouts here. I uh last night some new layouts here. I can take a look at what he's got cooking can take a look at what he's got cooking can take a look at what he's got cooking here. That looks really nice. It's a way here. That looks really nice. It's a way here. That looks really nice. It's a way for us to stay connected basically for us to stay connected basically for us to stay connected basically throughout the day. And we can see throughout the day. And we can see throughout the day. And we can see directly inside of there, we have these directly inside of there, we have these directly inside of there, we have these code channels. So you can add and code channels. So you can add and code channels. So you can add and connect your GitHub repository directly connect your GitHub repository directly
[00:19:00] connect your GitHub repository directly to it. Here it is, the three-up to it. Here it is, the three-up to it. Here it is, the three-up repository. It's on a branch. It has a repository. It's on a branch. It has a repository. It's on a branch. It has a PR already open. Uh, and it right here PR already open. Uh, and it right here PR already open. Uh, and it right here is using soul. Um, and if I tap over is using soul. Um, and if I tap over is using soul. Um, and if I tap over here on the artifacts, I can actually here on the artifacts, I can actually here on the artifacts, I can actually see a live preview of the running see a live preview of the running see a live preview of the running application. So, I can see that you and application. So, I can see that you and application. So, I can see that you and I have been committing some code and I have been committing some code and I have been committing some code and Burke >> classic doing. So, we can do our >> classic doing. So, we can do our >> classic doing. So, we can do our check-ins, everything like that. Now, check-ins, everything like that. Now, check-ins, everything like that. Now, this is live. So, I can say, hey, we this is live. So, I can say, hey, we this is live. So, I can say, hey, we forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes
[00:19:34] call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live later today. later today. later today. >> How could we forget Wes? >> How could we forget Wes? >> How could we forget Wes? >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's going to happen here is that the agent going to happen here is that the agent going to happen here is that the agent is going to start to pick up the is going to start to pick up the is going to start to pick up the conversation that's in the loop. conversation that's in the loop. conversation that's in the loop. >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my agent, we can actually see the exact agent, we can actually see the exact agent, we can actually see the exact agent session in real time, behind the agent session in real time, behind the agent session in real time, behind the scenes, if you will. Yep. scenes, if you will. Yep. scenes, if you will. Yep. >> So, we can see all those messages that >> So, we can see all those messages that >> So, we can see all those messages that Burke was posting directly here. We can Burke was posting directly here. We can Burke was posting directly here. We can see all the different calls that were see all the different calls that were see all the different calls that were going on along the way right there. going on along the way right there. going on along the way right there. Okay, we got some live mics possibly. Okay, we got some live mics possibly.
[00:20:04] Okay, we got some live mics possibly. So, we'll see. So, this will start to So, we'll see. So, this will start to So, we'll see. So, this will start to cook and then it'll start to update our cook and then it'll start to update our cook and then it'll start to update our live preview, which is super awesome. live preview, which is super awesome. live preview, which is super awesome. >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this integration is, you know, GitHub integration is, you know, GitHub integration is, you know, GitHub Copilot's coming in. You said it's where Copilot's coming in. You said it's where Copilot's coming in. You said it's where you work and for a lot of us like our you work and for a lot of us like our you work and for a lot of us like our collaboration tools, whether it's Slack collaboration tools, whether it's Slack collaboration tools, whether it's Slack or Teams, right? That is where we're or Teams, right? That is where we're or Teams, right? That is where we're having a lot of conversations. On the having a lot of conversations. On the having a lot of conversations. On the GitHub copilot app team, we have a GitHub copilot app team, we have a GitHub copilot app team, we have a channel. people just pop in and be like, channel. people just pop in and be like, channel. people just pop in and be like, "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm struggling with this. This is I'm struggling with this. This is I'm struggling with this. This is confusing. I have this bug." And like, confusing. I have this bug." And like, confusing. I have this bug." And like, you know, pre-Slack integration, we you know, pre-Slack integration, we you know, pre-Slack integration, we would copy pasta, write that into the would copy pasta, write that into the
[00:20:35] would copy pasta, write that into the copilot app, VS Code, something like copilot app, VS Code, something like copilot app, VS Code, something like that. >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where all that context is, they've already all that context is, they've already all that context is, they've already uploaded the log, some screenshots, a uploaded the log, some screenshots, a uploaded the log, some screenshots, a video. I just say, "Act GitHub, video. I just say, "Act GitHub, video. I just say, "Act GitHub, >> can you go investigate this? >> can you go investigate this? >> can you go investigate this? >> Propose a fix." >> Propose a fix." >> Propose a fix." >> There you go. And then it'll kick right >> There you go. And then it'll kick right >> There you go. And then it'll kick right in and it'll be good to go. in and it'll be good to go. in and it'll be good to go. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> All right. Now, let's go over and >> All right. Now, let's go over and >> All right. Now, let's go over and actually focus on one of the things that actually focus on one of the things that actually focus on one of the things that we've been and the team's been working we've been and the team's been working we've been and the team's been working really hard on is the GitHub copilot really hard on is the GitHub copilot really hard on is the GitHub copilot app. Yep. app. Yep. app. Yep. >> It's your hub for all things code really >> It's your hub for all things code really >> It's your hub for all things code really and all things copilot and all things and all things copilot and all things and all things copilot and all things GitHub. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> So, we actually start right here on the >> So, we actually start right here on the >> So, we actually start right here on the new tab. What do you want to build new tab. What do you want to build
[00:21:05] new tab. What do you want to build today? >> So, I figured I just kind of walk >> So, I figured I just kind of walk >> So, I figured I just kind of walk through a little bit here because through a little bit here because through a little bit here because there's a lot of different options here. there's a lot of different options here. there's a lot of different options here. First, you see on the lefth hand side, First, you see on the lefth hand side, First, you see on the lefth hand side, new work, automations, customizations, new work, automations, customizations, new work, automations, customizations, we'll get to it. and all my projects. we'll get to it. and all my projects. we'll get to it. and all my projects. These can be local folders, remote Git These can be local folders, remote Git These can be local folders, remote Git repositories, projects on GitHub, repositories, projects on GitHub, repositories, projects on GitHub, anything you want. So, I have been anything you want. So, I have been anything you want. So, I have been working on a bunch of things here and working on a bunch of things here and working on a bunch of things here and I'll actually show some of the active I'll actually show some of the active I'll actually show some of the active sessions I have going on. So, here I'm sessions I have going on. So, here I'm sessions I have going on. So, here I'm able to go in and pick what mode I want. able to go in and pick what mode I want. able to go in and pick what mode I want. Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I have tool permission calls. You're in have tool permission calls. You're in
[00:21:36] have tool permission calls. You're in control. You can always ask, you can control. You can always ask, you can control. You can always ask, you can approve all. And there's the brand new approve all. And there's the brand new approve all. And there's the brand new assisted which is experimental but assisted which is experimental but assisted which is experimental but basically it automatically approves tool basically it automatically approves tool basically it automatically approves tool requests that pass an LLM safety check. requests that pass an LLM safety check. requests that pass an LLM safety check. So like if you want to do like a mpm So like if you want to do like a mpm So like if you want to do like a mpm lint like that's probably going to be lint like that's probably going to be lint like that's probably going to be pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll handle it for you. handle it for you. handle it for you. >> Also I want to call out there's a brand >> Also I want to call out there's a brand >> Also I want to call out there's a brand new just launched today new auto new just launched today new auto new just launched today new auto optimizations. So before you have auto optimizations. So before you have auto optimizations. So before you have auto mode which based on your prompt will mode which based on your prompt will mode which based on your prompt will pick a model for you at a nice little pick a model for you at a nice little pick a model for you at a nice little discount. You can now optimize it for discount. You can now optimize it for discount. You can now optimize it for your request. You can give it a little your request. You can give it a little
[00:22:06] your request. You can give it a little hint. So you can do it for efficiency, hint. So you can do it for efficiency, hint. So you can do it for efficiency, balanced or you can do intelligent and balanced or you can do intelligent and balanced or you can do intelligent and it'll pick different models based on it'll pick different models based on it'll pick different models based on your needs. Now of course we have all your needs. Now of course we have all your needs. Now of course we have all sorts of models right? So here we have sorts of models right? So here we have sorts of models right? So here we have all the different models from anthropic all the different models from anthropic all the different models from anthropic openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even connected my open router to actually get connected my open router to actually get connected my open router to actually get access to different Quen models too. I access to different Quen models too. I access to different Quen models too. I could even run them with O Lama or could even run them with O Lama or could even run them with O Lama or Foundry Local on my machine. You can see Foundry Local on my machine. You can see Foundry Local on my machine. You can see I got all sorts of models all the models I got all sorts of models all the models I got all sorts of models all the models right. So I'm actually going to for this right. So I'm actually going to for this right. So I'm actually going to for this one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to put it on extra high. You're in control put it on extra high. You're in control
[00:22:37] put it on extra high. You're in control of reasoning, context window, your of reasoning, context window, your of reasoning, context window, your accessibility. Now, I want to build a accessibility. Now, I want to build a accessibility. Now, I want to build a brand new application from scratch. So, brand new application from scratch. So, brand new application from scratch. So, let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is always visiting me in the Pacific always visiting me in the Pacific always visiting me in the Pacific Northwest, and I want to optimize and Northwest, and I want to optimize and Northwest, and I want to optimize and build a beautiful website for the build a beautiful website for the build a beautiful website for the greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this little dictate button so I can actually little dictate button so I can actually little dictate button so I can actually go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I want to build out a beautiful website want to build out a beautiful website want to build out a beautiful website and uh I want it to be for my friends and uh I want it to be for my friends and uh I want it to be for my friends that visit Seattle, Washington, and I that visit Seattle, Washington, and I that visit Seattle, Washington, and I want to be a day planner for them. And want to be a day planner for them. And want to be a day planner for them. And specifically, I want it to be for all specifically, I want it to be for all specifically, I want it to be for all the best coffee shops and awesome the best coffee shops and awesome
[00:23:08] the best coffee shops and awesome attractions, you know, like the Space attractions, you know, like the Space attractions, you know, like the Space Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, for example. And what I really want it for example. And what I really want it for example. And what I really want it to be is a really visually rich, in to be is a really visually rich, in to be is a really visually rich, in fact, I've given you a folder here fact, I've given you a folder here fact, I've given you a folder here called assets. So, take a look at the called assets. So, take a look at the called assets. So, take a look at the photos there and use those. But make it photos there and use those. But make it photos there and use those. But make it so they can really kind of plan out so they can really kind of plan out so they can really kind of plan out their single day, show it on a map, and their single day, show it on a map, and their single day, show it on a map, and then what I want you to do is after you then what I want you to do is after you then what I want you to do is after you get that built, go ahead. There's no get that built, go ahead. There's no get that built, go ahead. There's no GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository, push all the code up, and repository, push all the code up, and repository, push all the code up, and then go ahead and configure GitHub pages then go ahead and configure GitHub pages then go ahead and configure GitHub pages for me and deploy it automatically for me and deploy it automatically for me and deploy it automatically for me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you. me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you.
[00:23:42] me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you. And I'm just going to go ahead and fire And I'm just going to go ahead and fire And I'm just going to go ahead and fire it off. it off. it off. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You just tell it from idea to production. just tell it from idea to production. just tell it from idea to production. Now this is going to start cooking. Now, Now this is going to start cooking. Now, Now this is going to start cooking. Now, a few things are going to happen here. a few things are going to happen here. a few things are going to happen here. This is going to take a look at my This is going to take a look at my This is going to take a look at my skills, my MCP servers, anything like skills, my MCP servers, anything like skills, my MCP servers, anything like that, and start to get to work. So, we that, and start to get to work. So, we that, and start to get to work. So, we can see uh it's renamed my session. It's can see uh it's renamed my session. It's can see uh it's renamed my session. It's moved it into my Seattle planner folder moved it into my Seattle planner folder moved it into my Seattle planner folder here. I have some things available to me here. I have some things available to me here. I have some things available to me like VS Code, the run. I can take a look like VS Code, the run. I can take a look like VS Code, the run. I can take a look here and it's going to think it through here and it's going to think it through here and it's going to think it through it. It's loading impeccable, which is a it. It's loading impeccable, which is a it. It's loading impeccable, which is a skill that we have. We'll talk about in skill that we have. We'll talk about in
[00:24:12] skill that we have. We'll talk about in a bit. And it's going to get to work. a bit. And it's going to get to work. a bit. And it's going to get to work. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. So, let's keep moving on because So, let's keep moving on because So, let's keep moving on because that's what this is about, right? You that's what this is about, right? You that's what this is about, right? You got to keep moving as this is going. So got to keep moving as this is going. So got to keep moving as this is going. So the thing that I want to show off next the thing that I want to show off next the thing that I want to show off next is actually some automations that I run. is actually some automations that I run. is actually some automations that I run. >> Okay, >> Okay, >> Okay, >> so here is really cool and this is kind >> so here is really cool and this is kind >> so here is really cool and this is kind of a nice little hidden feature here is of a nice little hidden feature here is of a nice little hidden feature here is and by hidden feature I mean it's and by hidden feature I mean it's and by hidden feature I mean it's directly right there for you. Uh is that directly right there for you. Uh is that directly right there for you. Uh is that these are all my automations for my these are all my automations for my these are all my automations for my personal work but also for my code. So I personal work but also for my code. So I personal work but also for my code. So I have some things here like doing a daily have some things here like doing a daily have some things here like doing a daily issue triage for my application uh tiny issue triage for my application uh tiny issue triage for my application uh tiny clips that reviews all my GitHub issues, clips that reviews all my GitHub issues,
[00:24:43] clips that reviews all my GitHub issues, looks at priorities and enriches the looks at priorities and enriches the looks at priorities and enriches the issues. Um, here I have an accessibility issues. Um, here I have an accessibility issues. Um, here I have an accessibility audit and every week I run cost tips audit and every week I run cost tips audit and every week I run cost tips using Chronicle because I want to make using Chronicle because I want to make using Chronicle because I want to make sure that I'm being costefficient. I sure that I'm being costefficient. I sure that I'm being costefficient. I also have um one that's connected to also have um one that's connected to also have um one that's connected to work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams and emails and gives me a daily report. and emails and gives me a daily report. and emails and gives me a daily report. So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I can look at all my runs. I was shutting can look at all my runs. I was shutting can look at all my runs. I was shutting down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, but I can see all the ones that were but I can see all the ones that were but I can see all the ones that were running here. And you can get running here. And you can get running here. And you can get inspiration from the templates. They're inspiration from the templates. They're inspiration from the templates. They're all right here. So, you can click on all right here. So, you can click on all right here. So, you can click on one, get it set up. And I'm just going one, get it set up. And I'm just going
[00:25:13] one, get it set up. And I'm just going to go ahead and do a new one here. And to go ahead and do a new one here. And to go ahead and do a new one here. And I'm gonna call this uh this is a I'm gonna call this uh this is a I'm gonna call this uh this is a prompt about removing dead code that prompt about removing dead code that prompt about removing dead code that Burke gave me. I call it dead code. Burke gave me. I call it dead code. Burke gave me. I call it dead code. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here I'm just going to say dead code. Verify I'm just going to say dead code. Verify I'm just going to say dead code. Verify everything. Look for obsolete f flags. everything. Look for obsolete f flags. everything. Look for obsolete f flags. Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and do this on this pickle ball app I've do this on this pickle ball app I've do this on this pickle ball app I've been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. And here I could just auto say auto. You And here I could just auto say auto. You And here I could just auto say auto. You have all the options. And I'm just going have all the options. And I'm just going have all the options. And I'm just going to run it in the cloud. to run it in the cloud. to run it in the cloud. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> And I can say all tools. I have full >> And I can say all tools. I have full >> And I can say all tools. I have full control. anything I want and I can go control. anything I want and I can go
[00:25:44] control. anything I want and I can go ahead and just fire that off and select ahead and just fire that off and select ahead and just fire that off and select it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. Create it. Boom. And now that's going to Create it. Boom. And now that's going to Create it. Boom. And now that's going to run every single week in the cloud and run every single week in the cloud and run every single week in the cloud and get a report and the PR is going to be get a report and the PR is going to be get a report and the PR is going to be generated automatically. generated automatically. generated automatically. >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, you know, like you said, we see a lot of you know, like you said, we see a lot of you know, like you said, we see a lot of people building personal automations for people building personal automations for people building personal automations for toil in their day. Uh I have some that toil in their day. Uh I have some that toil in their day. Uh I have some that like run telemetry queries and do things like run telemetry queries and do things like run telemetry queries and do things like that. Help me prepare for my day. like that. Help me prepare for my day. like that. Help me prepare for my day. Um triage feedback we have on the repo Um triage feedback we have on the repo Um triage feedback we have on the repo from social media. tell me like what's from social media. tell me like what's from social media. tell me like what's important, but also we're seeing a lot important, but also we're seeing a lot important, but also we're seeing a lot of engineering teams doing things like
[00:26:14] of engineering teams doing things like of engineering teams doing things like issue triage, auto investigation, things issue triage, auto investigation, things issue triage, auto investigation, things like that with these automations. So, like that with these automations. So, like that with these automations. So, it's super cool to see what people are it's super cool to see what people are it's super cool to see what people are doing with them. doing with them. doing with them. >> And we can see that the Seattle planner >> And we can see that the Seattle planner >> And we can see that the Seattle planner is asking me some questions and it's is asking me some questions and it's is asking me some questions and it's because I forgot to put it in autopilot because I forgot to put it in autopilot because I forgot to put it in autopilot mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. And now it's just going to keep going, And now it's just going to keep going, And now it's just going to keep going, but it did ask me questions because it but it did ask me questions because it but it did ask me questions because it was in that interactive mode. It wanted was in that interactive mode. It wanted was in that interactive mode. It wanted to understand a little bit more. So, I'm to understand a little bit more. So, I'm to understand a little bit more. So, I'm going to go ahead and let it cook here a going to go ahead and let it cook here a going to go ahead and let it cook here a little bit more. And I'm going to get to little bit more. And I'm going to get to little bit more. And I'm going to get to other work. So, if you click on my work, other work. So, if you click on my work, other work. So, if you click on my work, these are all of the projects that I these are all of the projects that I these are all of the projects that I have here. So these are all of my uh have here. So these are all of my uh have here. So these are all of my uh issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can
[00:26:45] issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can create a custom dashboard with any create a custom dashboard with any create a custom dashboard with any filter I want, which is really nifty. I filter I want, which is really nifty. I filter I want, which is really nifty. I use this active one all the time because use this active one all the time because use this active one all the time because if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 repos. It's a little bit much. So I can repos. It's a little bit much. So I can repos. It's a little bit much. So I can create my filters and I can look at my create my filters and I can look at my create my filters and I can look at my work here and I can see anything work here and I can see anything work here and I can see anything assigned to me specifically. So, for assigned to me specifically. So, for assigned to me specifically. So, for example, if I wanted to get to work on example, if I wanted to get to work on example, if I wanted to get to work on this uh big feature request that a lot this uh big feature request that a lot this uh big feature request that a lot of my uh users of my stream timer, which of my uh users of my stream timer, which of my uh users of my stream timer, which I use for countdown clocks, um here it I use for countdown clocks, um here it I use for countdown clocks, um here it only does a system beep. I want to have only does a system beep. I want to have
[00:27:15] only does a system beep. I want to have custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want to create a new session, I have it here. to create a new session, I have it here. to create a new session, I have it here. Start a new session. I'm going to do it Start a new session. I'm going to do it Start a new session. I'm going to do it on this machine and just on this machine and just on this machine and just >> perfect >> perfect >> perfect >> starts it up. It's going to >> starts it up. It's going to >> starts it up. It's going to automatically attach this issue and I automatically attach this issue and I automatically attach this issue and I can say issue fix and go. It can say issue fix and go. It can say issue fix and go. It automatically creates the work tree for automatically creates the work tree for automatically creates the work tree for me. So I don't have to worry about me. So I don't have to worry about me. So I don't have to worry about conflicts automatically or anything like conflicts automatically or anything like conflicts automatically or anything like that with my any branches from main. that with my any branches from main. that with my any branches from main. It's going to pull everything local and It's going to pull everything local and It's going to pull everything local and then it's going to get to work. And just then it's going to get to work. And just then it's going to get to work. And just like that, I'm already starting to do like that, I'm already starting to do like that, I'm already starting to do multi- aent processing across multiple multi- aent processing across multiple
[00:27:47] multi- aent processing across multiple projects, which is super cool. projects, which is super cool. projects, which is super cool. >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the native like GitHub collaboration built native like GitHub collaboration built native like GitHub collaboration built in where I not only have my agents in where I not only have my agents in where I not only have my agents working but also all my planned work. I working but also all my planned work. I working but also all my planned work. I feel like now with agents like the feel like now with agents like the feel like now with agents like the temptation is like it's not it's temptation is like it's not it's temptation is like it's not it's very easy to start things but it's very easy to start things but it's very easy to start things but it's actually very difficult to discern what actually very difficult to discern what actually very difficult to discern what should I be doing right and so having should I be doing right and so having should I be doing right and so having that super close to where my agents are that super close to where my agents are that super close to where my agents are working has been super helpful for me. working has been super helpful for me. working has been super helpful for me. >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've been doing earlier. Here I have an been doing earlier. Here I have an been doing earlier. Here I have an application called Tiny Clips which application called Tiny Clips which application called Tiny Clips which allows me to take screenshots on Mac and allows me to take screenshots on Mac and allows me to take screenshots on Mac and Windows. And I've been working Windows. And I've been working
[00:28:18] Windows. And I've been working specifically on multicapture editing specifically on multicapture editing specifically on multicapture editing because when I would take a screenshot because when I would take a screenshot because when I would take a screenshot and if I did another one, it would close and if I did another one, it would close and if I did another one, it would close the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I was working here. I kind of did was working here. I kind of did was working here. I kind of did something very similar. I basically came something very similar. I basically came something very similar. I basically came up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an issue. Let's trace through this and get issue. Let's trace through this and get issue. Let's trace through this and get to work." And it put together a nice to work." And it put together a nice to work." And it put together a nice little um proposal for me. I can see little um proposal for me. I can see little um proposal for me. I can see everything here. Here's the plan. The everything here. Here's the plan. The everything here. Here's the plan. The great part here is if I want to get great part here is if I want to get great part here is if I want to get closer to the code, I can look at the closer to the code, I can look at the closer to the code, I can look at the changes or I could just open it in VS changes or I could just open it in VS changes or I could just open it in VS Code or my favorite code editor here. If Code or my favorite code editor here. If Code or my favorite code editor here. If I bring up VS Code, we can see that I bring up VS Code, we can see that I
[00:28:49] I bring up VS Code, we can see that I have the same exact uh work tree down have the same exact uh work tree down have the same exact uh work tree down here. So, here's that work tree. It here. So, here's that work tree. It here. So, here's that work tree. It opens it automatically when you click opens it automatically when you click opens it automatically when you click that button. I have the same exact that button. I have the same exact that button. I have the same exact session. We can see it's running here in session. We can see it's running here in session. We can see it's running here in the Copilot agent harness. I can see all the Copilot agent harness. I can see all the Copilot agent harness. I can see all of the steps. I can chat back and forth of the steps. I can chat back and forth of the steps. I can chat back and forth directly there. I can create the PR directly there. I can create the PR directly there. I can create the PR here. It'll sync between the two. I can here. It'll sync between the two. I can here. It'll sync between the two. I can click on it and get really deep into the click on it and get really deep into the click on it and get really deep into the application, run it, do anything I want, application, run it, do anything I want, application, run it, do anything I want, which is super nice. So, that deep tight which is super nice. So, that deep tight which is super nice. So, that deep tight integration between your favorite integration between your favorite integration between your favorite developer tools. Now, one thing that is developer tools. Now, one thing that is
[00:29:19] developer tools. Now, one thing that is missing here though is my slashVS code missing here though is my slashVS code missing here though is my slashVS code uh buddy. Oh, there he is. uh buddy. Oh, there he is. uh buddy. Oh, there he is. >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it going? He's like, hey, what's going on? going? He's like, hey, what's going on? going? He's like, hey, what's going on? Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of th him around just so we kind of have th him around just so we kind of have th him around just so we kind of have like nice interactive elements in the G like nice interactive elements in the G like nice interactive elements in the G co-pilot app. Justin and the team been co-pilot app. Justin and the team been co-pilot app. Justin and the team been working on our VS Code pet, which working on our VS Code pet, which working on our VS Code pet, which doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk about a little bit more here how you can about a little bit more here how you can about a little bit more here how you can help name them too. I get achievements. help name them too. I get achievements. help name them too. I get achievements. I got this little crown on. So the more I got this little crown on. So the more I got this little crown on. So the more I'm using the agents and investigating I'm using the agents and investigating I'm using the agents and investigating and learning new capabilities. It's all and learning new capabilities. It's all and learning new capabilities. It's all there. But I want to point out right all there. But I want to point out right all there. But I want to point out right all the same models. Everything's available the same models. Everything's available the same models. Everything's available here for us. We have, you know, here for us. We have, you know,
[00:29:49] here for us. We have, you know, different reasoning levels, the agent different reasoning levels, the agent different reasoning levels, the agent modes, everything like that. Permission modes, everything like that. Permission modes, everything like that. Permission checks, all the things that we kind of checks, all the things that we kind of checks, all the things that we kind of just saw. So that nice agent harness just saw. So that nice agent harness just saw. So that nice agent harness running across, which is rad. Now, if running across, which is rad. Now, if running across, which is rad. Now, if I'm back over in the app, right, I've I'm back over in the app, right, I've I'm back over in the app, right, I've reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can just oneclick create a PR. This is now just oneclick create a PR. This is now just oneclick create a PR. This is now going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to check any requirements I might have in check any requirements I might have in check any requirements I might have in the repo. It's going to fire off right the repo. It's going to fire off right the repo. It's going to fire off right here to go ahead and open that pull here to go ahead and open that pull here to go ahead and open that pull request which runs a skill. And it will request which runs a skill. And it will request which runs a skill. And it will then go ahead and fire that off and then go ahead and fire that off and then go ahead and fire that off and start to run my CI and CD checks. Now, start to run my CI and CD checks. Now,
[00:30:20] start to run my CI and CD checks. Now, that's going to take a second or so that's going to take a second or so that's going to take a second or so because I'm building Windows and Mac because I'm building Windows and Mac because I'm building Windows and Mac applications based on what I'm changing. applications based on what I'm changing. applications based on what I'm changing. So, I did one earlier that for all So, I did one earlier that for all So, I did one earlier that for all intents and purposes is exactly the same intents and purposes is exactly the same intents and purposes is exactly the same and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh so we can see that I basically did the so we can see that I basically did the so we can see that I basically did the same exact thing for the multi-edits and same exact thing for the multi-edits and same exact thing for the multi-edits and then I have the full validation here. then I have the full validation here. then I have the full validation here. But I want to point out that I have the But I want to point out that I have the But I want to point out that I have the GitHub copilot uh review agent running GitHub copilot uh review agent running GitHub copilot uh review agent running on github.com. So when I fired this off, on github.com. So when I fired this off, on github.com. So when I fired this off, it ran all my checks and everything it ran all my checks and everything it ran all my checks and everything seemed to pass uh which was good, but it seemed to pass uh which was good, but it
[00:30:50] seemed to pass uh which was good, but it left me a comment here on some code left me a comment here on some code left me a comment here on some code improvements. So what's great with this improvements. So what's great with this improvements. So what's great with this integration is that I can one-click fix integration is that I can one-click fix integration is that I can one-click fix unresolved comments or what I like to do unresolved comments or what I like to do unresolved comments or what I like to do is from this dropdown I can click ready is from this dropdown I can click ready is from this dropdown I can click ready to merge and merge and see all the to merge and merge and see all the to merge and merge and see all the checks but I can also turn on agent checks but I can also turn on agent checks but I can also turn on agent merge and agent merge allows it the merge and agent merge allows it the merge and agent merge allows it the agent to automatically address review agent to automatically address review agent to automatically address review issues CI failures resolve conflicts and issues CI failures resolve conflicts and issues CI failures resolve conflicts and a lot more. So when you're working on a lot more. So when you're working on a lot more. So when you're working on a lot of different branches and a lot of lot of different branches and a lot of lot of different branches and a lot of work trees, this becomes super nice and work trees, this becomes super nice and work trees, this becomes super nice and you'll see agent merge is going to get you'll see agent merge is going to get
[00:31:20] you'll see agent merge is going to get to work and it's going to start to merge to work and it's going to start to merge to work and it's going to start to merge load the scale and get to work and load the scale and get to work and load the scale and get to work and commit back that code automatically. Now commit back that code automatically. Now commit back that code automatically. Now I did not do the automatically merge I did not do the automatically merge I did not do the automatically merge pull request. But you could if you're pull request. But you could if you're pull request. But you could if you're really in that really tight integration, really in that really tight integration, really in that really tight integration, you feel good about it, you can go ahead you feel good about it, you can go ahead you feel good about it, you can go ahead and put that out there. and put that out there. and put that out there. >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every single team struggles with like, okay, I single team struggles with like, okay, I single team struggles with like, okay, I did the work, I have the PR, now I have did the work, I have the PR, now I have did the work, I have the PR, now I have to spend a week babysitting this three to spend a week babysitting this three to spend a week babysitting this three thing through to actually getting thing through to actually getting thing through to actually getting merged. That problem got worse with AI merged. That problem got worse with AI merged. That problem got worse with AI because we're now sending more PRs than because we're now sending more PRs than because we're now sending more PRs than ever thanks to things like the GitHub ever thanks to things like the GitHub
[00:31:50] ever thanks to things like the GitHub core app. Um, and so agent merge is core app. Um, and so agent merge is core app. Um, and so agent merge is awesome because now I can submit the PR, awesome because now I can submit the PR, awesome because now I can submit the PR, I turn on agent merge, I don't have to I turn on agent merge, I don't have to I turn on agent merge, I don't have to babysit the thing, and when all the babysit the thing, and when all the babysit the thing, and when all the checks are addressed and I feel good checks are addressed and I feel good checks are addressed and I feel good about the state of the PR, I can merge about the state of the PR, I can merge about the state of the PR, I can merge it in. it in. it in. >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's going. Okay, looks like we have a going. Okay, looks like we have a going. Okay, looks like we have a canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and see here. We have our Seattle canvas. see here. We have our Seattle canvas. see here. We have our Seattle canvas. Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build a day worth wandering. So, we can start a day worth wandering. So, we can start a day worth wandering. So, we can start with a place. Beautiful. A good space with a place. Beautiful. A good space with a place. Beautiful. A good space needle. We have a beautiful map here needle. We have a beautiful map here
[00:32:20] needle. We have a beautiful map here that we can outline our location. That's that we can outline our location. That's that we can outline our location. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I have see all the different locations have see all the different locations have see all the different locations here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, but I actually worked earlier and I had but I actually worked earlier and I had but I actually worked earlier and I had Copa go grab all the different photos Copa go grab all the different photos Copa go grab all the different photos for him, which is cool. So, we can see for him, which is cool. So, we can see for him, which is cool. So, we can see all the different places here and it all the different places here and it all the different places here and it actually filtered and it's testing the actually filtered and it's testing the actually filtered and it's testing the app in real time. So, it's actually been app in real time. So, it's actually been app in real time. So, it's actually been adding. >> So, this is actually a browser inside >> So, this is actually a browser inside >> So, this is actually a browser inside the GitHub copilot app. the GitHub copilot app. the GitHub copilot app. >> This is directly here and you can pick >> This is directly here and you can pick >> This is directly here and you can pick and polish. You can pick elements and polish. You can pick elements and polish. You can pick elements and you can see that it's been invoking you can see that it's been invoking you can see that it's been invoking clicking elements, reading elements, and clicking elements, reading elements, and
[00:32:50] clicking elements, reading elements, and doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep integration directly inside the co-pilot integration directly inside the co-pilot integration directly inside the co-pilot app. So now this is going to get to work app. So now this is going to get to work app. So now this is going to get to work validating because it kind of waited a validating because it kind of waited a validating because it kind of waited a few minutes for me to answer a question few minutes for me to answer a question few minutes for me to answer a question and then it's going to create our repo. and then it's going to create our repo. and then it's going to create our repo. So I figure while we wait there, So I figure while we wait there, So I figure while we wait there, >> I want to also show you how I do a lot >> I want to also show you how I do a lot >> I want to also show you how I do a lot of my iOS and Android development on my of my iOS and Android development on my of my iOS and Android development on my Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head over to my Mac over here. And I know over to my Mac over here. And I know over to my Mac over here. And I know we've been working on this weight we've been working on this weight we've been working on this weight tracking application. tracking application. tracking application. >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're entering winter so it's time to entering winter so it's time to entering winter so it's time to bulk again. So maybe not the time for bulk again. So maybe not the time for
[00:33:20] bulk again. So maybe not the time for weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've been building this iOS app together in been building this iOS app together in been building this iOS app together in the GitHub copod app. And I think one the GitHub copod app. And I think one the GitHub copod app. And I think one really cool thing like uh you know the really cool thing like uh you know the really cool thing like uh you know the GitHub copod app can be used to build GitHub copod app can be used to build GitHub copod app can be used to build any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw how we can build web apps. We have a how we can build web apps. We have a how we can build web apps. We have a built-in browser. Um there's an built-in browser. Um there's an built-in browser. Um there's an extensibility model called canvases extensibility model called canvases extensibility model called canvases which we'll show later today uh inside which we'll show later today uh inside which we'll show later today uh inside the GitHub copilot app. And here I the GitHub copilot app. And here I the GitHub copilot app. And here I actually have a canvas for testing and actually have a canvas for testing and actually have a canvas for testing and viewing the iOS simulator directly in viewing the iOS simulator directly in viewing the iOS simulator directly in this app. So I can say with natural this app. So I can say with natural
[00:33:50] this app. So I can say with natural language here's what I want in my app language here's what I want in my app language here's what I want in my app right here inside the GitHub copilot right here inside the GitHub copilot right here inside the GitHub copilot app. I can validate right here. Of app. I can validate right here. Of app. I can validate right here. Of course this is like a real simulator. I course this is like a real simulator. I course this is like a real simulator. I can interact with it. I can come over can interact with it. I can come over can interact with it. I can come over here. I could change like the viewport here. I could change like the viewport here. I could change like the viewport if I wanted to try a different sim if I wanted to try a different sim if I wanted to try a different sim simulator. And it looks like from simulator. And it looks like from simulator. And it looks like from scrolling up like this thing can scrolling up like this thing can scrolling up like this thing can actually go and drive the actual app actually go and drive the actual app actually go and drive the actual app from the agent. It can self- validate from the agent. It can self- validate from the agent. It can self- validate like if I ask it to test things. And it like if I ask it to test things. And it like if I ask it to test things. And it looks like we got to get this things looks like we got to get this things looks like we got to get this things ready to ship. So we need some ready to ship. So we need some ready to ship. So we need some screenshots for this app store. So I'm screenshots for this app store. So I'm screenshots for this app store. So I'm just going to fire it off and I'll let just going to fire it off and I'll let just going to fire it off and I'll let the app take care of that. Like I'm not the app take care of that. Like I'm not the app take care of that. Like I'm not going to go manually capture these going to go manually capture these going to go manually capture these screenshots myself. It's not 2025 screenshots myself. It's not 2025
[00:34:20] screenshots myself. It's not 2025 anymore. >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that ships and it has an MCP server so it can ships and it has an MCP server so it can ships and it has an MCP server so it can actually speak directly uh to it. So it actually speak directly uh to it. So it actually speak directly uh to it. So it can understand what to do. So this is can understand what to do. So this is can understand what to do. So this is great and you're in that iteration loop great and you're in that iteration loop great and you're in that iteration loop just like we saw in the web that just like we saw in the web that just like we saw in the web that specifically it was off testing it. And specifically it was off testing it. And specifically it was off testing it. And we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not doing anything, doing anything, doing anything, >> right? Native native and this is a >> right? Native native and this is a >> right? Native native and this is a native Swift application directly right native Swift application directly right native Swift application directly right here. Yep. Uh, and you can see here. Yep. Uh, and you can see here. Yep. Uh, and you can see everything it's doing, including asking everything it's doing, including asking everything it's doing, including asking you questions and anything that you want you questions and anything that you want you questions and anything that you want it to do. it to do. it to do. >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the
[00:34:50] >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the really cool thing about the GitHub really cool thing about the GitHub really cool thing about the GitHub Copilot app is I feel like it allows me Copilot app is I feel like it allows me Copilot app is I feel like it allows me to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to achieve, right? What is the feature to achieve, right? What is the feature to achieve, right? What is the feature I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my wisdom on architectural choices, things wisdom on architectural choices, things wisdom on architectural choices, things like that. And I'm not super close to like that. And I'm not super close to like that. And I'm not super close to the code, but that's kind of intentional the code, but that's kind of intentional the code, but that's kind of intentional right here. And you can even do things right here. And you can even do things right here. And you can even do things like agentic self-verification, which of like agentic self-verification, which of like agentic self-verification, which of course is your firing off 10 things at course is your firing off 10 things at course is your firing off 10 things at once. like the less things you actually once. like the less things you actually once. like the less things you actually have to do in any one of these threads, have to do in any one of these threads, have to do in any one of these threads, the more things you can do, right? And the more things you can do, right? And the more things you can do, right? And of course, like you said, like if I ever of course, like you said, like if I ever of course, like you said, like if I ever wanted to go and look at the code, I can wanted to go and look at the code, I can wanted to go and look at the code, I can do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop over to VS Code actually. over to VS Code actually.
[00:35:20] over to VS Code actually. >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another app, a net Maui application on Android, app, a net Maui application on Android, app, a net Maui application on Android, this little financial application. Yep. this little financial application. Yep. this little financial application. Yep. >> And I think what was great here is that >> And I think what was great here is that >> And I think what was great here is that these same MCP servers, the same tools, these same MCP servers, the same tools, these same MCP servers, the same tools, the same agent harness runs it here. So the same agent harness runs it here. So the same agent harness runs it here. So we can see our custom Maui agent. And we can see our custom Maui agent. And we can see our custom Maui agent. And the same thing, we have all of our the same thing, we have all of our the same thing, we have all of our different devices. In this case, I'm different devices. In this case, I'm different devices. In this case, I'm deploying it here on Android. And you deploying it here on Android. And you deploying it here on Android. And you can run at the same exact prompt to have can run at the same exact prompt to have can run at the same exact prompt to have it test everything. So no matter what it test everything. So no matter what it test everything. So no matter what you're building, no matter what you want you're building, no matter what you want you're building, no matter what you want to do, it can drive it. And I think to do, it can drive it. And I think to do, it can drive it. And I think what's cool is like a lot of developers what's cool is like a lot of developers what's cool is like a lot of developers using VS Code are used to like the using VS Code are used to like the using VS Code are used to like the extensions, right? There's tons of extensions, right? There's tons of
[00:35:50] extensions, right? There's tons of extensions. The mobile canvas is extensions. The mobile canvas is extensions. The mobile canvas is extension from John Dick here at extension from John Dick here at extension from John Dick here at Microsoft. >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is parsing, taking screenshots, navigating parsing, taking screenshots, navigating parsing, taking screenshots, navigating fully through you, and it's going to fully through you, and it's going to fully through you, and it's going to self- validate. So I recently added an self- validate. So I recently added an self- validate. So I recently added an interest calculator. So, I wanted to interest calculator. So, I wanted to interest calculator. So, I wanted to self validate it, take screenshots, add self validate it, take screenshots, add self validate it, take screenshots, add it to documentation, and now it's just it to documentation, and now it's just it to documentation, and now it's just going to kind of get to work doing its going to kind of get to work doing its going to kind of get to work doing its thing automatically, scrolling around, thing automatically, scrolling around, thing automatically, scrolling around, everything that we need it to do in real everything that we need it to do in real everything that we need it to do in real time, which is super powerful. So, time, which is super powerful. So, time, which is super powerful. So, implement something, figure it out, and implement something, figure it out, and implement something, figure it out, and like it's so cool to watch it, do like it's so cool to watch it, do like it's so cool to watch it, do >> it's literally taking screenshots and >> it's literally taking screenshots and
[00:36:20] >> it's literally taking screenshots and stuff right now. It's super cool. stuff right now. It's super cool. stuff right now. It's super cool. >> So, while that's cooking and doing some >> So, while that's cooking and doing some >> So, while that's cooking and doing some screenshots, I think the thing that we screenshots, I think the thing that we screenshots, I think the thing that we should really talk about is the should really talk about is the should really talk about is the extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub copilot app, if you go to this customize copilot app, if you go to this customize copilot app, if you go to this customize tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, plugins, skills, canvases, plugins, skills, canvases, plugins, skills, canvases, >> essentially any customization you want >> essentially any customization you want >> essentially any customization you want inside the GitHub copilot app to make inside the GitHub copilot app to make inside the GitHub copilot app to make the C-pilot app work just like you and the C-pilot app work just like you and the C-pilot app work just like you and your team, right? So I can come in, I your team, right? So I can come in, I your team, right? So I can come in, I can add MCP servers. So my team's using can add MCP servers. So my team's using
[00:36:51] can add MCP servers. So my team's using Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to do device testing with Playright, I can do device testing with Playright, I can do device testing with Playright, I can install that right here. Of course, install that right here. Of course, install that right here. Of course, plugins from marketplaces like awesome plugins from marketplaces like awesome plugins from marketplaces like awesome copilot uh that our community has copilot uh that our community has copilot uh that our community has curated. So I can, you know, oneclick curated. So I can, you know, oneclick curated. So I can, you know, oneclick install things like work IQ to give the install things like work IQ to give the install things like work IQ to give the GitHub copilot app context on my GitHub copilot app context on my GitHub copilot app context on my Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO right after us. We got the grill me right after us. We got the grill me right after us. We got the grill me skill. He's going to tell us all about skill. He's going to tell us all about skill. He's going to tell us all about it. But uh you can go install and it. But uh you can go install and it. But uh you can go install and discover skills from your discover skills from your discover skills from your marketplaces. You can even actually add marketplaces. You can even actually add
[00:37:22] marketplaces. You can even actually add your own organizational marketplace. So your own organizational marketplace. So your own organizational marketplace. So we have that at Microsoft. like we have we have that at Microsoft. like we have we have that at Microsoft. like we have a curated set of plugins for just people a curated set of plugins for just people a curated set of plugins for just people here at Microsoft. You can add that here at Microsoft. You can add that here at Microsoft. You can add that market uh marketplace registry directly market uh marketplace registry directly market uh marketplace registry directly to the GitHub copod app. So every single to the GitHub copod app. So every single to the GitHub copod app. So every single engineer on your team has access to engineer on your team has access to engineer on your team has access to those plugins. And of course canvases, those plugins. And of course canvases, those plugins. And of course canvases, right? Uh canvases are basically a right? Uh canvases are basically a right? Uh canvases are basically a visual way for you to drive the app. So visual way for you to drive the app. So visual way for you to drive the app. So uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but there's other canvases like Azure there's other canvases like Azure there's other canvases like Azure DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't just show us like active issues we have just show us like active issues we have
[00:37:53] just show us like active issues we have for Century, but from that canvas, I can for Century, but from that canvas, I can for Century, but from that canvas, I can actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this is the top, you know, performance issue is the top, you know, performance issue is the top, you know, performance issue we have in the GitHub copod app. we have in the GitHub copod app. we have in the GitHub copod app. >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one click away. And so then my interaction click away. And so then my interaction click away. And so then my interaction model shifts from just being so focused model shifts from just being so focused model shifts from just being so focused on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm using that to actually fire off agent using that to actually fire off agent using that to actually fire off agent sessions in the app. sessions in the app. sessions in the app. >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I got two more things that I want to show. got two more things that I want to show. got two more things that I want to show. Perfect. The first is that you can build Perfect. The first is that you can build Perfect. The first is that you can build your own canvases. You can use your own canvases. You can use your own canvases. You can use /createcanvas and in fact I have my own I have my own and in fact I have my own I have my own
[00:38:23] and in fact I have my own I have my own repo actions so I never have to leave repo actions so I never have to leave repo actions so I never have to leave the copilot app to see all of my actions the copilot app to see all of my actions the copilot app to see all of my actions running on github.com and for tiny clips running on github.com and for tiny clips running on github.com and for tiny clips I actually created my entire release I actually created my entire release I actually created my entire release dashboard here I can create release dashboard here I can create release dashboard here I can create release notes generate PRs tag releases and see notes generate PRs tag releases and see notes generate PRs tag releases and see everything all in real time including everything all in real time including everything all in real time including what's live for Mac and on Windows and I what's live for Mac and on Windows and I what's live for Mac and on Windows and I can even see the status of what's on can even see the status of what's on can even see the status of what's on Windguet today and what's released which Windguet today and what's released which Windguet today and what's released which is super cool so you can just build your is super cool so you can just build your is super cool so you can just build your own and these can leverage the GitHub own and these can leverage the GitHub own and these can leverage the GitHub copilot SDK to infuse use the agent copilot SDK to infuse use the agent copilot SDK to infuse use the agent inside of these canvases which is super inside of these canvases which is super inside of these canvases which is super duper cool. All right, I have two more duper cool. All right, I have two more
[00:38:54] duper cool. All right, I have two more things I want to show. First is things I want to show. First is things I want to show. First is something down here which is uh kind of something down here which is uh kind of something down here which is uh kind of interesting called interesting called interesting called >> is this WSL? >> is this WSL? >> is this WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's this little icon here and it says it's this little icon here and it says it's this little icon here and it says it's running in WSLuntu and this is a brand running in WSLuntu and this is a brand running in WSLuntu and this is a brand new feature. If you go under new feature. If you go under new feature. If you go under environments, you'll see that I am environments, you'll see that I am environments, you'll see that I am connected to the Windows subsystem for connected to the Windows subsystem for connected to the Windows subsystem for Linux. So, I built a little application Linux. So, I built a little application Linux. So, I built a little application that I can run here with this little um that I can run here with this little um that I can run here with this little um uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. Where is it at? See, run the app. Where is it at? See, run the app.
[00:39:25] Where is it at? See, run the app. There we go. There we go. There we go. It was there. It should run it. Let's It was there. It should run it. Let's It was there. It should run it. Let's see. I think I need to There we go. see. I think I need to There we go. see. I think I need to There we go. Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, of course, I can run sessions locally on of course, I can run sessions locally on of course, I can run sessions locally on my machine. Uh I can also run sessions my machine. Uh I can also run sessions my machine. Uh I can also run sessions in the cloud. And now I can run them on in the cloud. And now I can run them on in the cloud. And now I can run them on remotes like WSL as well. remotes like WSL as well. remotes like WSL as well. >> And there it is. So there's my little >> And there it is. So there's my little >> And there it is. So there's my little app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it to you really quick. I'm going to go to you really quick. I'm going to go to you really quick. I'm going to go over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over here. I'm going to make this over here. I'm going to make this over here. I'm going to make this bigger. And now I have BTOP running bigger. And now I have BTOP running
[00:39:55] bigger. And now I have BTOP running directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of inside of this. And directly inside of inside of this. And directly inside of inside of this. And you can just run everything configured you can just run everything configured you can just run everything configured inside of WSL. So you can configure all inside of WSL. So you can configure all inside of WSL. So you can configure all those environments. Last thing really those environments. Last thing really those environments. Last thing really quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI over here. I want to talk about over here. I want to talk about over here. I want to talk about hydrofusion. So the best model is not hydrofusion. So the best model is not hydrofusion. So the best model is not having to pick a model at all. Uh so having to pick a model at all. Uh so having to pick a model at all. Uh so here I've gone ahead and I've created a here I've gone ahead and I've created a here I've gone ahead and I've created a new work tree with the SLworkree command new work tree with the SLworkree command new work tree with the SLworkree command and I'm going to tell it to get to work and I'm going to tell it to get to work and I'm going to tell it to get to work on this and hydrofusion here is going to on this and hydrofusion here is going to on this and hydrofusion here is going to pick the best approach best on the pick the best approach best on the pick the best approach best on the prompt has picked critique here and it's prompt has picked critique here and it's
[00:40:27] prompt has picked critique here and it's going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to do a first pass with a primary worker. do a first pass with a primary worker. do a first pass with a primary worker. It's going to then understand that pass It's going to then understand that pass It's going to then understand that pass and go back and critique it and it's and go back and critique it and it's and go back and critique it and it's going to have a readonly reviewer to going to have a readonly reviewer to going to have a readonly reviewer to provide notes on it and then it'll do a provide notes on it and then it'll do a provide notes on it and then it'll do a revision pass and then go ahead and revision pass and then go ahead and revision pass and then go ahead and implement it automatically. The cool implement it automatically. The cool implement it automatically. The cool part here is all this is happening. You part here is all this is happening. You part here is all this is happening. You can see my AI credits in real time go can see my AI credits in real time go can see my AI credits in real time go and I've used less than one so far right and I've used less than one so far right and I've used less than one so far right to do these first pass in primary. So to do these first pass in primary. So to do these first pass in primary. So the team is working really hard on the team is working really hard on the team is working really hard on the output but the idea is you shouldn't output but the idea is you shouldn't output but the idea is you shouldn't have to worry about the output until the have to worry about the output until the
[00:40:57] have to worry about the output until the end when it all sort of finishes which end when it all sort of finishes which end when it all sort of finishes which is really nice. And there's going to be is really nice. And there's going to be is really nice. And there's going to be a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not going to go too deep onto it. But I also going to go too deep onto it. But I also going to go too deep onto it. But I also want to point out if I hit the left want to point out if I hit the left want to point out if I hit the left arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. So I love a tuy. And I love that I can So I love a tuy. And I love that I can So I love a tuy. And I love that I can just click on things and I can navigate just click on things and I can navigate just click on things and I can navigate around into all of my different sessions around into all of my different sessions around into all of my different sessions here. So I can go and I can see here all here. So I can go and I can see here all here. So I can go and I can see here all of my sessions. And I want to also point of my sessions. And I want to also point of my sessions. And I want to also point out that all of these sessions that I've out that all of these sessions that I've out that all of these sessions that I've been going on here, I've been using been going on here, I've been using been going on here, I've been using Hydra Fusion on and they also show up Hydra Fusion on and they also show up
[00:41:27] Hydra Fusion on and they also show up inside if I want to the GitHub copilot inside if I want to the GitHub copilot inside if I want to the GitHub copilot app because they're all there. There's app because they're all there. There's app because they're all there. There's an option to show your CLI sessions. So, an option to show your CLI sessions. So, an option to show your CLI sessions. So, as these are working back and forth, as these are working back and forth, as these are working back and forth, they're all readily available for you. they're all readily available for you. they're all readily available for you. And then this is going to go ahead And then this is going to go ahead And then this is going to go ahead finish this off. And if I wanted to finish this off. And if I wanted to finish this off. And if I wanted to create a new session, I can just click create a new session, I can just click create a new session, I can just click on new session. I can view all my issues on new session. I can view all my issues on new session. I can view all my issues for the repo, open pull requests, for the repo, open pull requests, for the repo, open pull requests, everything. Deep integration. I love everything. Deep integration. I love everything. Deep integration. I love that I can click on things. I love a that I can click on things. I love a that I can click on things. I love a good mouse click. All right, let's wrap good mouse click. All right, let's wrap good mouse click. All right, let's wrap this thing up as Copilot continues to this thing up as Copilot continues to this thing up as Copilot continues to work. Okay, first thing is you can get work. Okay, first thing is you can get
[00:41:58] work. Okay, first thing is you can get the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app to turn your idea into reality and start to turn your idea into reality and start to turn your idea into reality and start to check out all of these amazing to check out all of these amazing to check out all of these amazing features that we've talked about today. features that we've talked about today. features that we've talked about today. the rich ecosystem that continues to the rich ecosystem that continues to the rich ecosystem that continues to build out. Publish your plugins, publish build out. Publish your plugins, publish build out. Publish your plugins, publish your MCP servers and go ahead and your MCP servers and go ahead and your MCP servers and go ahead and configure these for your team, your configure these for your team, your configure these for your team, your project or your enterprise. We love to project or your enterprise. We love to project or your enterprise. We love to see this continue to be built out. More see this continue to be built out. More see this continue to be built out. More models are added every single day and models are added every single day and models are added every single day and you have those readily available to you. you have those readily available to you. you have those readily available to you. Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day
[00:42:28] now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day as the default inside the CLI. I simply as the default inside the CLI. I simply as the default inside the CLI. I simply love it. And of course, you can bring love it. And of course, you can bring love it. And of course, you can bring your own key, configure anything you your own key, configure anything you your own key, configure anything you want. Now I do want to talk here like want. Now I do want to talk here like want. Now I do want to talk here like the hydrofusion part is really unique. the hydrofusion part is really unique. the hydrofusion part is really unique. We saw it use critique but we can also We saw it use critique but we can also We saw it use critique but we can also see that there's other modes such as a see that there's other modes such as a see that there's other modes such as a single shot cascade and these different single shot cascade and these different single shot cascade and these different are automatically selecting different are automatically selecting different are automatically selecting different models at the right time for the task models at the right time for the task models at the right time for the task and switching when it makes sense to and switching when it makes sense to and switching when it makes sense to cache bust efficiently and effectively. cache bust efficiently and effectively. cache bust efficiently and effectively. Deep dive into the blog post on Deep dive into the blog post on Deep dive into the blog post on Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub into your favorite search engine. Read into your favorite search engine. Read
[00:42:59] into your favorite search engine. Read the deep dive blog post. It is awesome the deep dive blog post. It is awesome the deep dive blog post. It is awesome to just see on what the team is working to just see on what the team is working to just see on what the team is working on. We showed the deep integration into on. We showed the deep integration into on. We showed the deep integration into Slack. Also available in Teams. If you Slack. Also available in Teams. If you Slack. Also available in Teams. If you haven't gotten that configured, you got haven't gotten that configured, you got haven't gotten that configured, you got to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on stuff. A bunch of great things to help stuff. A bunch of great things to help stuff. A bunch of great things to help you dream, build, and ship. you dream, build, and ship. you dream, build, and ship. Last thing really, really quick that I Last thing really, really quick that I Last thing really, really quick that I want to point out while you take a want to point out while you take a want to point out while you take a screenshot really quick is that there's screenshot really quick is that there's screenshot really quick is that there's tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna be right after us, grilling us hard with be right after us, grilling us hard with be right after us, grilling us hard with his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot team, and you all be back live coding team, and you all be back live coding
[00:43:30] team, and you all be back live coding with Wes, hopefully an updated website with Wes, hopefully an updated website with Wes, hopefully an updated website um automatically there. But the fun um automatically there. But the fun um automatically there. But the fun doesn't stop today. The community is doesn't stop today. The community is doesn't stop today. The community is rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev Days, and there's hundreds of events Days, and there's hundreds of events Days, and there's hundreds of events around the globe. You can go to this URL around the globe. You can go to this URL around the globe. You can go to this URL or scan that QR code to take you to the or scan that QR code to take you to the or scan that QR code to take you to the Luma calendar where you'll see hundred Luma calendar where you'll see hundred Luma calendar where you'll see hundred events. I'm doing one in Portland in events. I'm doing one in Portland in events. I'm doing one in Portland in October. So, if you're in the Portland October. So, if you're in the Portland October. So, if you're in the Portland area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. And these are really awesome to see the And these are really awesome to see the And these are really awesome to see the community come together. Also, I want to community come together. Also, I want to community come together. Also, I want to point out that our little buddy does point out that our little buddy does
[00:44:00] point out that our little buddy does need a name. need a name. need a name. >> He does. >> He does. >> He does. >> And we have a whole survey that the >> And we have a whole survey that the >> And we have a whole survey that the team's been putting on for a chance to team's been putting on for a chance to team's been putting on for a chance to win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max if the name is selected. Now, you can go if the name is selected. Now, you can go if the name is selected. Now, you can go ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, the same command inside of VS Code. But the same command inside of VS Code. But the same command inside of VS Code. But the team's been cooking up a little the team's been cooking up a little the team's been cooking up a little trailer, so let's go ahead and play that trailer, so let's go ahead and play that trailer, so let's go ahead and play that now. right, that's going to do it for this,
[00:45:00] right, that's going to do it for this, but we have so much more in store. So, but we have so much more in store. So, but we have so much more in store. So, as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks for being here. And over to you, Burke. for being here. And over to you, Burke. for being here. And over to you, Burke. Hey, thank you so much, James and Hey, thank you so much, James and Hey, thank you so much, James and Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That thing is awesome. Uh, send in your thing is awesome. Uh, send in your thing is awesome. Uh, send in your names. Don't don't send in Bodie names. Don't don't send in Bodie names. Don't don't send in Bodie McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent that in. Don't, please don't do that. that in. Don't, please don't do that. that in. Don't, please don't do that. Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so many things in there, things that even I many things in there, things that even I many things in there, things that even I didn't know existed. The mobile canvas didn't know existed. The mobile canvas didn't know existed. The mobile canvas is awesome. It makes me want to build a is awesome. It makes me want to build a is awesome. It makes me want to build a mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas, mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas,
[00:45:30] mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas, though. So, please in the chat, give me though. So, please in the chat, give me though. So, please in the chat, give me an idea for the next um, multi-billion an idea for the next um, multi-billion an idea for the next um, multi-billion dollar mobile app so I can get right on dollar mobile app so I can get right on dollar mobile app so I can get right on that. Now, when I do build apps, one of that. Now, when I do build apps, one of that. Now, when I do build apps, one of the first things I do is use a skill the first things I do is use a skill the first things I do is use a skill called Grill Me. And grill me is might called Grill Me. And grill me is might called Grill Me. And grill me is might be one of the most popular skills out be one of the most popular skills out be one of the most popular skills out there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it and it's just where the AI asks you a and it's just where the AI asks you a and it's just where the AI asks you a ton of questions to help you figure out ton of questions to help you figure out ton of questions to help you figure out exactly what you want to build. And we exactly what you want to build. And we exactly what you want to build. And we are excited to have the creator of that are excited to have the creator of that are excited to have the creator of that skill and many others here today to talk skill and many others here today to talk
