[00:46:01] skill and many others here today to talk to us a little bit about skills. So to us a little bit about skills. So to us a little bit about skills. So without further ado, it's the man who without further ado, it's the man who without further ado, it's the man who literally has the solution for your literally has the solution for your literally has the solution for your skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. Hello folks. Thank you so much for Hello folks. Thank you so much for Hello folks. Thank you so much for having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my ear by the way just for the production ear by the way just for the production ear by the way just for the production team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to be here and I've been somehow come into be here and I've been somehow come into be here and I've been somehow come into possession of the most or the second possession of the most or the second possession of the most or the second most popular skills repo in the world. most popular skills repo in the world.
[00:46:31] most popular skills repo in the world. I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire right now and I'm going to introduce to right now and I'm going to introduce to right now and I'm going to introduce to you to the skills repo and also you to the skills repo and also you to the skills repo and also maybe look at a couple of new things maybe look at a couple of new things maybe look at a couple of new things that are coming to the skills repo and that are coming to the skills repo and that are coming to the skills repo and how you can apply those in GitHub how you can apply those in GitHub how you can apply those in GitHub copilot. So first of all let me show you copilot. So first of all let me show you copilot. So first of all let me show you the repo. We are up to around 259k stars the repo. We are up to around 259k stars the repo. We are up to around 259k stars which is fairly wild to me. I never which is fairly wild to me. I never which is fairly wild to me. I never really thought we would get there and really thought we would get there and really thought we would get there and the place we're going to start is in the place we're going to start is in the place we're going to start is in the main flow here. So the idea of these main flow here. So the idea of these main flow here. So the idea of these skills is you can really ship any size skills is you can really ship any size
[00:47:02] skills is you can really ship any size of work that you want to. And the place of work that you want to. And the place of work that you want to. And the place we pretty much always start is with this we pretty much always start is with this we pretty much always start is with this grill with docs skill. For those who grill with docs skill. For those who grill with docs skill. For those who haven't used my skills before, this is haven't used my skills before, this is haven't used my skills before, this is essentially a way to align yourself with essentially a way to align yourself with essentially a way to align yourself with the agent. And it means that like it's the agent. And it means that like it's the agent. And it means that like it's so often that you will get the agent and so often that you will get the agent and so often that you will get the agent and you will look at the work that they've you will look at the work that they've you will look at the work that they've done and they will just have not done and they will just have not done and they will just have not produced the thing that you want them produced the thing that you want them produced the thing that you want them to. And so doing a kind of preession to. And so doing a kind of preession to. And so doing a kind of preession grilling kind of before the agent does grilling kind of before the agent does
[00:47:33] grilling kind of before the agent does any work whatsoever I found has been any work whatsoever I found has been any work whatsoever I found has been absolutely essential. And this is what absolutely essential. And this is what absolutely essential. And this is what that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, if we head over to the terminal here, I if we head over to the terminal here, I if we head over to the terminal here, I have been doing some actual real work on have been doing some actual real work on have been doing some actual real work on my repo this morning. My repo is a my repo this morning. My repo is a my repo this morning. My repo is a course video manager where I handle all course video manager where I handle all course video manager where I handle all of my video editing. I manage all of my of my video editing. I manage all of my of my video editing. I manage all of my course videos. And let's take a look at course videos. And let's take a look at course videos. And let's take a look at what that actually looked like. So, what that actually looked like. So, what that actually looked like. So, what I did first of all is I use GitHub I did first of all is I use GitHub I did first of all is I use GitHub issues to coordinate all the things I issues to coordinate all the things I issues to coordinate all the things I want to change about the repo itself. want to change about the repo itself.
[00:48:04] want to change about the repo itself. This means that keeping those outside of This means that keeping those outside of This means that keeping those outside of the repo, I just get a lot more value in the repo, I just get a lot more value in the repo, I just get a lot more value in pumping those into uh automated loops, pumping those into uh automated loops, pumping those into uh automated loops, in passing them directly to agents, and in passing them directly to agents, and in passing them directly to agents, and sometimes even just triggering them via sometimes even just triggering them via sometimes even just triggering them via labels. But that's kind of outside the labels. But that's kind of outside the labels. But that's kind of outside the scope for today. But what that looks scope for today. But what that looks scope for today. But what that looks like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can just go into issues. I can press W here just go into issues. I can press W here just go into issues. I can press W here to open up a work tree and I ended up to open up a work tree and I ended up to open up a work tree and I ended up inside this work tree here. So this inside this work tree here. So this inside this work tree here. So this little example, if I press enter to go little example, if I press enter to go little example, if I press enter to go in, what happens is I just literally say in, what happens is I just literally say in, what happens is I just literally say grill with docs issue 1612. And this grill with docs issue 1612. And this
[00:48:36] grill with docs issue 1612. And this issue was one that I actually needed to issue was one that I actually needed to issue was one that I actually needed to fix. It's basically adding something fix. It's basically adding something fix. It's basically adding something into the CLI that comes served with this into the CLI that comes served with this into the CLI that comes served with this uh course video manager. Now what uh course video manager. Now what uh course video manager. Now what happened first is it goes and does an happened first is it goes and does an happened first is it goes and does an exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. And once it's done the exploration, once And once it's done the exploration, once And once it's done the exploration, once it understands what it wants to grill me it understands what it wants to grill me it understands what it wants to grill me about, then it begins asking its about, then it begins asking its about, then it begins asking its questions. And so these questions here, questions. And so these questions here, questions. And so these questions here, supported hierarchy selectors. So the supported hierarchy selectors. So the supported hierarchy selectors. So the problem here is that I've got an entity problem here is that I've got an entity problem here is that I've got an entity that I want to fetch called a beat. And that I want to fetch called a beat. And that I want to fetch called a beat. And that beat is attached to videos, but it that beat is attached to videos, but it
[00:49:08] that beat is attached to videos, but it wants to be able to search not only on wants to be able to search not only on wants to be able to search not only on videos, but on lessons where there are videos, but on lessons where there are videos, but on lessons where there are multiple videos and on sections where multiple videos and on sections where multiple videos and on sections where there are multiple lessons beneath that. there are multiple lessons beneath that. there are multiple lessons beneath that. And so it says, okay, both selectors And so it says, okay, both selectors And so it says, okay, both selectors mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use a dictation tool to just answer these a dictation tool to just answer these a dictation tool to just answer these questions fully because I kind of questions fully because I kind of questions fully because I kind of prepped a little bit for this. so I know prepped a little bit for this. so I know prepped a little bit for this. so I know what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should use um all three supported hierarchy use um all three supported hierarchy use um all three supported hierarchy selectors. I think using the selectors. I think using the selectors. I think using the deterministic hierarchy order makes deterministic hierarchy order makes deterministic hierarchy order makes sense. And then videos with an empty sense. And then videos with an empty sense. And then videos with an empty plan, I think we can just exclude them. plan, I think we can just exclude them.
[00:49:39] plan, I think we can just exclude them. I don't think we need to add any kind of I don't think we need to add any kind of I don't think we need to add any kind of uh extra signal in there. uh extra signal in there. uh extra signal in there. So now that's gone in. I'm just going to So now that's gone in. I'm just going to So now that's gone in. I'm just going to press return there. And it's now going press return there. And it's now going press return there. And it's now going to ask me the next round of questions. to ask me the next round of questions. to ask me the next round of questions. In other words, what Grill with Docs is In other words, what Grill with Docs is In other words, what Grill with Docs is doing is it's pushing out the frontier doing is it's pushing out the frontier doing is it's pushing out the frontier of these questions and we're reaching of these questions and we're reaching of these questions and we're reaching alignment slower and slower or rather alignment slower and slower or rather alignment slower and slower or rather faster and faster and faster. So, it's faster and faster and faster. So, it's faster and faster and faster. So, it's gone and kicked off another explore gone and kicked off another explore gone and kicked off another explore agent and while it's kicking off the agent and while it's kicking off the agent and while it's kicking off the explore agent, it's going to ask me some explore agent, it's going to ask me some explore agent, it's going to ask me some more questions. This level of alignment more questions. This level of alignment more questions. This level of alignment basically means that you and the agent basically means that you and the agent
[00:50:10] basically means that you and the agent are reaching a shared understanding are reaching a shared understanding are reaching a shared understanding together. You are figuring out where together. You are figuring out where together. You are figuring out where you're going together. And this is you're going together. And this is you're going together. And this is really useful in situations where you really useful in situations where you really useful in situations where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you don't quite know where you're going. And don't quite know where you're going. And don't quite know where you're going. And so I absolutely love this. But then what so I absolutely love this. But then what so I absolutely love this. But then what happens next? What do you do after happens next? What do you do after happens next? What do you do after you've done a grilling session? Well, you've done a grilling session? Well, you've done a grilling session? Well, let's take a look at what happened next. let's take a look at what happened next. let's take a look at what happened next. So in my real version here, what I did, So in my real version here, what I did, So in my real version here, what I did, this is fairly long chat history. We did this is fairly long chat history. We did this is fairly long chat history. We did our grilling session. It did a bunch of our grilling session. It did a bunch of our grilling session. It did a bunch of asked user bunch of questions. asked the asked user bunch of questions. asked the
[00:50:41] asked user bunch of questions. asked the user more questions and then it kicked user more questions and then it kicked user more questions and then it kicked off and actually implemented it. So what off and actually implemented it. So what off and actually implemented it. So what grill we what grill with docs does is it grill we what grill with docs does is it grill we what grill with docs does is it takes that set of questions that it takes that set of questions that it takes that set of questions that it asked you and then tries to reach a asked you and then tries to reach a asked you and then tries to reach a shared understanding with you and then shared understanding with you and then shared understanding with you and then what we end up with is a nice little what we end up with is a nice little what we end up with is a nice little pull request. So if I head into the PR pull request. So if I head into the PR pull request. So if I head into the PR itself, I've done a little trick itself, I've done a little trick itself, I've done a little trick actually in the PR which I'm rather actually in the PR which I'm rather actually in the PR which I'm rather proud of and it's actually not my trick, proud of and it's actually not my trick, proud of and it's actually not my trick, it's somebody else's. So if we take a it's somebody else's. So if we take a it's somebody else's. So if we take a look at uh where was the PR here? It was look at uh where was the PR here? It was
[00:51:12] look at uh where was the PR here? It was uh add uh add uh add this one add bulk section and lesson this one add bulk section and lesson this one add bulk section and lesson beat lists. Now this PR body probably beat lists. Now this PR body probably beat lists. Now this PR body probably looks rather nice to you. What we have looks rather nice to you. What we have looks rather nice to you. What we have is we have this rather nice little diff is we have this rather nice little diff is we have this rather nice little diff showing exactly what has changed about showing exactly what has changed about showing exactly what has changed about the CLI. You have just this very small the CLI. You have just this very small the CLI. You have just this very small amount of preserves the current compact amount of preserves the current compact amount of preserves the current compact uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, etc. And we have a nice little mermaid etc. And we have a nice little mermaid etc. And we have a nice little mermaid diagram which we can open up here. So we diagram which we can open up here. So we diagram which we can open up here. So we see that sections, okay, sections see that sections, okay, sections see that sections, okay, sections contain lessons that have a fractional contain lessons that have a fractional
[00:51:43] contain lessons that have a fractional order. Lessons contain videos and we can order. Lessons contain videos and we can order. Lessons contain videos and we can access those with the lesson. And then access those with the lesson. And then access those with the lesson. And then videos contain the beats with their videos contain the beats with their videos contain the beats with their fractional order. You know, this is a fractional order. You know, this is a fractional order. You know, this is a real application. There's stuff real application. There's stuff real application. There's stuff relatively complex here. And we can dive relatively complex here. And we can dive relatively complex here. And we can dive into this mermaid diagram and this diff into this mermaid diagram and this diff into this mermaid diagram and this diff and understand it a lot better. And the and understand it a lot better. And the and understand it a lot better. And the thing that's firing here, the thing that's firing here, the thing that's firing here, the thing that's making this look nice is not my that's making this look nice is not my that's making this look nice is not my skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills who's written a brilliant skill called who's written a brilliant skill called who's written a brilliant skill called Show Me. Helps the user understands the Show Me. Helps the user understands the
[00:52:13] Show Me. Helps the user understands the current topic visually with concise current topic visually with concise current topic visually with concise diagrams, code shaped sketches, and diagrams, code shaped sketches, and diagrams, code shaped sketches, and focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just look at this stuff. look at this stuff. look at this stuff. This is basically a really nice This is basically a really nice This is basically a really nice set of tools for understanding how code set of tools for understanding how code set of tools for understanding how code changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like if you have changes to an algorithm if you have changes to an algorithm if you have changes to an algorithm that's relatively complicated, we can that's relatively complicated, we can that's relatively complicated, we can show it as pseudo code. We can show it as pseudo code. We can show it as pseudo code. We can show runtime control flow as a call tree runtime control flow as a call tree runtime control flow as a call tree here. This UI structure one is amazing here. This UI structure one is amazing here. This UI structure one is amazing for front-end components because it for front-end components because it for front-end components because it shows exactly where each component is. shows exactly where each component is.
[00:52:44] shows exactly where each component is. It can sort of show stuff changing It can sort of show stuff changing It can sort of show stuff changing across different components and across different components and across different components and different files. And then we have different files. And then we have different files. And then we have mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub handles naturally. And we have file handles naturally. And we have file handles naturally. And we have file responsibility and all that stuff. The responsibility and all that stuff. The responsibility and all that stuff. The one I really like is diff. So using diff one I really like is diff. So using diff one I really like is diff. So using diff for component changes, for file layout for component changes, for file layout for component changes, for file layout changes, for call tree and call stack changes, for call tree and call stack changes, for call tree and call stack changes. And what this skill does is it changes. And what this skill does is it changes. And what this skill does is it really encourages the agent to push really encourages the agent to push really encourages the agent to push towards using these uh sort of diff towards using these uh sort of diff towards using these uh sort of diff views instead of writing a bunch of views instead of writing a bunch of
[00:53:15] views instead of writing a bunch of stuff in text. And so the nice thing stuff in text. And so the nice thing stuff in text. And so the nice thing about this PR is that it's really short about this PR is that it's really short about this PR is that it's really short to read. You know, there's less than 100 to read. You know, there's less than 100 to read. You know, there's less than 100 words here. And once you've dived in to words here. And once you've dived in to words here. And once you've dived in to understand the mermaid diagram, you dive understand the mermaid diagram, you dive understand the mermaid diagram, you dive into understand the diff, it's pretty into understand the diff, it's pretty into understand the diff, it's pretty nice. And so as part of the skill or nice. And so as part of the skill or nice. And so as part of the skill or part of this session here, which is uh part of this session here, which is uh part of this session here, which is uh back here, at some point in the session, back here, at some point in the session, back here, at some point in the session, I said, okay, use show me to create the I said, okay, use show me to create the I said, okay, use show me to create the PR. Now, what happens next? So, one PR. Now, what happens next? So, one PR. Now, what happens next? So, one thing I'm really interested in is sure, thing I'm really interested in is sure, thing I'm really interested in is sure, you've got this PR, but how do we make you've got this PR, but how do we make
[00:53:45] you've got this PR, but how do we make sure that before the human gets to this sure that before the human gets to this sure that before the human gets to this PR, how do we make sure that this PR is PR, how do we make sure that this PR is PR, how do we make sure that this PR is of high enough quality that we can of high enough quality that we can of high enough quality that we can really um guarantee that the user's time really um guarantee that the user's time really um guarantee that the user's time is not wasted, right? Because is not wasted, right? Because is not wasted, right? Because I just hate and this is something that I just hate and this is something that I just hate and this is something that comes up again and again and again when comes up again and again and again when comes up again and again and again when I work with teams and try to get their I work with teams and try to get their I work with teams and try to get their processes better. Like so many teams are processes better. Like so many teams are processes better. Like so many teams are going, "Okay, PRs are now the going, "Okay, PRs are now the going, "Okay, PRs are now the bottleneck. How do we get through the bottleneck. How do we get through the bottleneck. How do we get through the enormous amount of PRs that we're enormous amount of PRs that we're enormous amount of PRs that we're seeing?" And sure, we can improve the seeing?" And sure, we can improve the
[00:54:16] seeing?" And sure, we can improve the DX, right? We can improve this view to DX, right? We can improve this view to DX, right? We can improve this view to make sure that it's as easy to review as make sure that it's as easy to review as make sure that it's as easy to review as possible, but we also need to make sure possible, but we also need to make sure possible, but we also need to make sure that the code itself is of high enough that the code itself is of high enough that the code itself is of high enough quality. And so for that, I recommend quality. And so for that, I recommend quality. And so for that, I recommend using my code review skill. So after using my code review skill. So after using my code review skill. So after implementation, I recommend running this implementation, I recommend running this implementation, I recommend running this code review skill. It's somewhere in the code review skill. It's somewhere in the code review skill. It's somewhere in the history here. And this code review history here. And this code review history here. And this code review skill, what it does, there you go. skill, what it does, there you go. skill, what it does, there you go. There's the show me that we had before. There's the show me that we had before. There's the show me that we had before. What code review does is it first What code review does is it first What code review does is it first figures out what you're diffing against, figures out what you're diffing against, figures out what you're diffing against, what has changed, and it's using origin what has changed, and it's using origin
[00:54:47] what has changed, and it's using origin main as the fix point here. It then main as the fix point here. It then main as the fix point here. It then searches for any um coding standards searches for any um coding standards searches for any um coding standards that you've got inside your repo. You that you've got inside your repo. You that you've got inside your repo. You can see GitHub Copilot searching for the can see GitHub Copilot searching for the can see GitHub Copilot searching for the coding standards here. It's reading the coding standards here. It's reading the coding standards here. It's reading the claw.md files and it now does two claw.md files and it now does two claw.md files and it now does two things. it spawns a sub agent to check things. it spawns a sub agent to check things. it spawns a sub agent to check for those coding standards. So it's for those coding standards. So it's for those coding standards. So it's checking whether the actual um code that checking whether the actual um code that checking whether the actual um code that was implemented corresponds to the stuff was implemented corresponds to the stuff was implemented corresponds to the stuff you've written that you know we need to you've written that you know we need to you've written that you know we need to do it this way we need to do it X way do it this way we need to do it X way
[00:55:17] do it this way we need to do it X way and I have a list of coding standards and I have a list of coding standards and I have a list of coding standards that I keep in my repo that I append to that I keep in my repo that I append to that I keep in my repo that I append to when things go wrong and we'll talk when things go wrong and we'll talk when things go wrong and we'll talk about that in a minute. Then it's also about that in a minute. Then it's also about that in a minute. Then it's also doing a spec check. So it's doing a doing a spec check. So it's doing a doing a spec check. So it's doing a check against what I actually specified check against what I actually specified check against what I actually specified using this conversation history making using this conversation history making using this conversation history making sure that the thing that was built is sure that the thing that was built is sure that the thing that was built is actually the thing that we wanted. And actually the thing that we wanted. And actually the thing that we wanted. And what this means is because we're doing what this means is because we're doing what this means is because we're doing these in sub aents these are clean these in sub aents these are clean these in sub aents these are clean context windows. It means that the agent context windows. It means that the agent context windows. It means that the agent drops a lot of its preconceptions we get drops a lot of its preconceptions we get drops a lot of its preconceptions we get a new trajectory in the conversation and a new trajectory in the conversation and
[00:55:48] a new trajectory in the conversation and is often able to surface stuff that you is often able to surface stuff that you is often able to surface stuff that you hadn't considered before. And so looks hadn't considered before. And so looks hadn't considered before. And so looks like our spec came back with no like our spec came back with no like our spec came back with no findings. That's nice. and standards. findings. That's nice. and standards. findings. That's nice. and standards. There's one judgment call duplicated There's one judgment call duplicated There's one judgment call duplicated beat learning goal relation beat learning goal relation beat learning goal relation configuration in DB beat services configuration in DB beat services configuration in DB beat services operations. Okay, interesting. If we go operations. Okay, interesting. If we go operations. Okay, interesting. If we go into GitHub copilot, we can see that into GitHub copilot, we can see that into GitHub copilot, we can see that this was created as a commit here. So, this was created as a commit here. So, this was created as a commit here. So, dduplicate beat relation query. Let's dduplicate beat relation query. Let's dduplicate beat relation query. Let's review here and we can see that okay, review here and we can see that okay, review here and we can see that okay, what it did was before we had a bit of what it did was before we had a bit of what it did was before we had a bit of duplicated configuration between two duplicated configuration between two
[00:56:18] duplicated configuration between two calls and it turned that into an as uh calls and it turned that into an as uh calls and it turned that into an as uh kind of object here to figure that out. kind of object here to figure that out. kind of object here to figure that out. That's nice. That's a nice little That's nice. That's a nice little That's nice. That's a nice little change. And all of that happens, code change. And all of that happens, code change. And all of that happens, code review happens before the user goes to review happens before the user goes to review happens before the user goes to review. I think there's this prevailing review. I think there's this prevailing review. I think there's this prevailing idea with uh AI code review that the idea with uh AI code review that the idea with uh AI code review that the code review should then go to the human code review should then go to the human code review should then go to the human to figure out what should change next or to figure out what should change next or to figure out what should change next or whether we should actually implement whether we should actually implement whether we should actually implement these things. In other words, the output these things. In other words, the output these things. In other words, the output of most code review skills is comments. of most code review skills is comments. of most code review skills is comments. I believe that code review is kind of I believe that code review is kind of
[00:56:49] I believe that code review is kind of part of the implementation flow and so part of the implementation flow and so part of the implementation flow and so it's kind of like a traditional red it's kind of like a traditional red it's kind of like a traditional red green refactor. The implementer agent is green refactor. The implementer agent is green refactor. The implementer agent is responsible for doing the red green like responsible for doing the red green like responsible for doing the red green like just getting the thing working and then just getting the thing working and then just getting the thing working and then the refactor is done by these review the refactor is done by these review the refactor is done by these review agents that I've been working with. So agents that I've been working with. So agents that I've been working with. So that means we end up with a PR that is that means we end up with a PR that is that means we end up with a PR that is pretty nice to review. And actually pretty nice to review. And actually pretty nice to review. And actually looking down the code here, I can see, looking down the code here, I can see, looking down the code here, I can see, okay, there's something that is sort of okay, there's something that is sort of okay, there's something that is sort of stressing me out a little bit. It's not stressing me out a little bit. It's not stressing me out a little bit. It's not anything to do with a command here or anything to do with a command here or anything to do with a command here or any of this stuff. I just had a little any of this stuff. I just had a little
[00:57:19] any of this stuff. I just had a little look and I realized, oh, okay, this look and I realized, oh, okay, this look and I realized, oh, okay, this where is this? this RPC layer here. I've where is this? this RPC layer here. I've where is this? this RPC layer here. I've got a feeling that this is not very type got a feeling that this is not very type got a feeling that this is not very type safe. Had a little look inside the code safe. Had a little look inside the code safe. Had a little look inside the code and I realized ah that's pretty gross and I realized ah that's pretty gross and I realized ah that's pretty gross actually. I really don't like that. And actually. I really don't like that. And actually. I really don't like that. And so what I realized is I want to I don't so what I realized is I want to I don't so what I realized is I want to I don't want to block this PR but as part of want to block this PR but as part of want to block this PR but as part of this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I want to take a look at that work take a want to take a look at that work take a want to take a look at that work take a look at this code and maybe think about look at this code and maybe think about look at this code and maybe think about improving the architecture of it. And improving the architecture of it. And improving the architecture of it. And for that we have a lovely skill for that we have a lovely skill
[00:57:51] for that we have a lovely skill which is in the upkeep section which is which is in the upkeep section which is which is in the upkeep section which is called improve codebase architecture. called improve codebase architecture. called improve codebase architecture. What this skill does is it takes a look What this skill does is it takes a look What this skill does is it takes a look at your repo and you can give it a at your repo and you can give it a at your repo and you can give it a little nudge for the things you want it little nudge for the things you want it little nudge for the things you want it to take a look at. And what it does is to take a look at. And what it does is to take a look at. And what it does is it gives you a report based on the it gives you a report based on the it gives you a report based on the things that it thinks you should change. things that it thinks you should change. things that it thinks you should change. And this report can be incredibly And this report can be incredibly And this report can be incredibly valuable. So if we take a look at the valuable. So if we take a look at the valuable. So if we take a look at the report that ours generated I think it's report that ours generated I think it's report that ours generated I think it's this one actually. Apologies for the this one actually. Apologies for the this one actually. Apologies for the sudden switch to light mode. Let me take sudden switch to light mode. Let me take sudden switch to light mode. Let me take a look at the um a look at the um
[00:58:22] a look at the um actual uh session which was inside improve uh session which was inside improve uh session which was inside improve codebase architecture planning. Now what codebase architecture planning. Now what codebase architecture planning. Now what I did was I called this with I want you I did was I called this with I want you I did was I called this with I want you to take a look at the recent PR and see to take a look at the recent PR and see to take a look at the recent PR and see if you can improve anything related to if you can improve anything related to if you can improve anything related to the RPC. Maybe make things more type the RPC. Maybe make things more type the RPC. Maybe make things more type safe. I'm not quite sure of the safe. I'm not quite sure of the safe. I'm not quite sure of the architecture around that area. I want architecture around that area. I want architecture around that area. I want you to take a look and offer some you to take a look and offer some you to take a look and offer some suggestions. This code is stuff that I suggestions. This code is stuff that I suggestions. This code is stuff that I haven't really authored myself. I've haven't really authored myself. I've haven't really authored myself. I've been kind of letting the AI run wild. been kind of letting the AI run wild. been kind of letting the AI run wild. I'm sure that folks have a have a strong I'm sure that folks have a have a strong I'm sure that folks have a have a strong sense of what that feels like. An sense of what that feels like. An sense of what that feels like. An improved codebase architecture here, improved codebase architecture here, improved codebase architecture here, what it produces is a very nice little what it produces is a very nice little
[00:58:54] what it produces is a very nice little diagram. The first thing it's saying is diagram. The first thing it's saying is diagram. The first thing it's saying is okay, these are its recommendations down okay, these are its recommendations down okay, these are its recommendations down here. Check every remote call. here. Check every remote call. here. Check every remote call. Interesting. So, it flags up the uh Interesting. So, it flags up the uh Interesting. So, it flags up the uh exact lines that it's looking for here exact lines that it's looking for here exact lines that it's looking for here and it's saying the problem. The remote and it's saying the problem. The remote and it's saying the problem. The remote adapter module is shallow at the scene. adapter module is shallow at the scene. adapter module is shallow at the scene. Each adapter checks calls that it has. Each adapter checks calls that it has. Each adapter checks calls that it has. It does not report a missing call. or It does not report a missing call. or It does not report a missing call. or the final cast tells Typescript that the final cast tells Typescript that the final cast tells Typescript that the adapter has every domain call. Now, this adapter has every domain call. Now, this adapter has every domain call. Now, this is pretty gnarly language that it's is pretty gnarly language that it's is pretty gnarly language that it's using here. And for this gnarly using here. And for this gnarly using here. And for this gnarly language, I actually have another skill language, I actually have another skill language, I actually have another skill that I really like. In fact, there's two
[00:59:24] that I really like. In fact, there's two that I really like. In fact, there's two skills. There is my skill, but I'm skills. There is my skill, but I'm skills. There is my skill, but I'm actually going to shout out someone actually going to shout out someone actually going to shout out someone else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer and this is one you absolutely have to and this is one you absolutely have to and this is one you absolutely have to have in your library which is it have in your library which is it have in your library which is it basically takes AI text and it unslops basically takes AI text and it unslops basically takes AI text and it unslops it. So it turns it into really beautiful it. So it turns it into really beautiful it. So it turns it into really beautiful maybe not sure about beautiful but it maybe not sure about beautiful but it maybe not sure about beautiful but it takes out all of the AI tells from your takes out all of the AI tells from your takes out all of the AI tells from your work and it means that horrible sort of work and it means that horrible sort of
[00:59:55] work and it means that horrible sort of like um garbage like this the remote like um garbage like this the remote like um garbage like this the remote adapter module is shallow at the seam. adapter module is shallow at the seam. adapter module is shallow at the seam. you can actually get it to write it in you can actually get it to write it in you can actually get it to write it in much planer language. So I strongly much planer language. So I strongly much planer language. So I strongly recommend that if you're interested in recommend that if you're interested in recommend that if you're interested in an unsloped skill. However, I do you an unsloped skill. However, I do you an unsloped skill. However, I do you know I do understand what it means and I know I do understand what it means and I know I do understand what it means and I do like this idea. Okay, we can just do like this idea. Okay, we can just do like this idea. Okay, we can just reduce make it a bit more simple here reduce make it a bit more simple here reduce make it a bit more simple here with there's a little bit down the with there's a little bit down the with there's a little bit down the bottom here that I also liked as well. bottom here that I also liked as well. bottom here that I also liked as well. So this is sort of a deep module coming So this is sort of a deep module coming So this is sort of a deep module coming out from a lots of shallow modules. So out from a lots of shallow modules. So out from a lots of shallow modules. So what I did was I decided okay let's what I did was I decided okay let's what I did was I decided okay let's actually implement that. Now what does actually implement that. Now what does
[01:00:25] actually implement that. Now what does implementing something this complicated implementing something this complicated implementing something this complicated look like? Because the previous one I look like? Because the previous one I look like? Because the previous one I happen to know sort of the relative happen to know sort of the relative happen to know sort of the relative scope of what we were trying to do. I scope of what we were trying to do. I scope of what we were trying to do. I knew that we could walk through it just knew that we could walk through it just knew that we could walk through it just in a single session. We wouldn't need to in a single session. We wouldn't need to in a single session. We wouldn't need to um do it over multiple sessions. In um do it over multiple sessions. In um do it over multiple sessions. In other words, we just did grow with docs, other words, we just did grow with docs, other words, we just did grow with docs, then we implemented it and then we used then we implemented it and then we used then we implemented it and then we used code review at the bottom. But for code review at the bottom. But for code review at the bottom. But for things that might cross over multiple things that might cross over multiple things that might cross over multiple sessions or might spiral out of control sessions or might spiral out of control sessions or might spiral out of control in terms of the size, then I recommend a in terms of the size, then I recommend a in terms of the size, then I recommend a different approach. You can do grill different approach. You can do grill
[01:00:56] different approach. You can do grill with docs and or in our case we've kind with docs and or in our case we've kind with docs and or in our case we've kind of got something pretty workable of got something pretty workable of got something pretty workable already. We can go improve codebase already. We can go improve codebase already. We can go improve codebase architecture and then turn that into a architecture and then turn that into a architecture and then turn that into a spec. Now the point of a spec is if we spec. Now the point of a spec is if we spec. Now the point of a spec is if we take a look at our GitHub issues in take a look at our GitHub issues in take a look at our GitHub issues in here, we can take a look at this spec here, we can take a look at this spec here, we can take a look at this spec that I created which is uh I think it is that I created which is uh I think it is that I created which is uh I think it is here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and forwarding type save. What I ended up forwarding type save. What I ended up forwarding type save. What I ended up doing was I turned that really nice um doing was I turned that really nice um
[01:01:27] doing was I turned that really nice um sort of diagram here, this uh spec of sort of diagram here, this uh spec of sort of diagram here, this uh spec of what was supposed to be done and I what was supposed to be done and I what was supposed to be done and I turned it into a proper spec where we turned it into a proper spec where we turned it into a proper spec where we had user stories. We have a solution had user stories. We have a solution had user stories. We have a solution here and a problem as well as a bunch of here and a problem as well as a bunch of here and a problem as well as a bunch of implementation decisions and kind of implementation decisions and kind of implementation decisions and kind of specking out exactly what I wanted from specking out exactly what I wanted from specking out exactly what I wanted from the work and then we call a different the work and then we call a different the work and then we call a different skill under that to create the actual skill under that to create the actual skill under that to create the actual tickets that correspond to making the tickets that correspond to making the tickets that correspond to making the spec reality. So this spec is spec reality. So this spec is spec reality. So this spec is essentially the destination and these essentially the destination and these essentially the destination and these tickets are the journey and what I did tickets are the journey and what I did
[01:01:57] tickets are the journey and what I did is all of this was done inside one is all of this was done inside one is all of this was done inside one session inside the planning session and session inside the planning session and session inside the planning session and you can see that it's published two you can see that it's published two you can see that it's published two independent tickets right at the bottom independent tickets right at the bottom independent tickets right at the bottom and I've been using two tickets there and I've been using two tickets there and I've been using two tickets there and then in a separate session I did the and then in a separate session I did the and then in a separate session I did the implementation and this implementation and this implementation and this implementation will be quite new to anyone who's used will be quite new to anyone who's used will be quite new to anyone who's used my skills before which is I used a skill my skills before which is I used a skill my skills before which is I used a skill called implement called implement called implement spec and I just sent it the spec. So spec and I just sent it the spec. So spec and I just sent it the spec. So what it did first is it went and mapped what it did first is it went and mapped what it did first is it went and mapped the tickets dependencies and then opened the tickets dependencies and then opened the tickets dependencies and then opened a draft PR and then those two tickets it a draft PR and then those two tickets it
[01:02:29] a draft PR and then those two tickets it turned out were independent so they turned out were independent so they turned out were independent so they could be worked on by themselves could be worked on by themselves could be worked on by themselves independently. And so what it did was it independently. And so what it did was it independently. And so what it did was it worked them independently on separate worked them independently on separate worked them independently on separate work trees and branches. So we have work trees and branches. So we have work trees and branches. So we have parallelization here. We're able to parallelization here. We're able to parallelization here. We're able to spawn out multiple sub aents to put them spawn out multiple sub aents to put them spawn out multiple sub aents to put them on different work trees. GitHub Copilot on different work trees. GitHub Copilot on different work trees. GitHub Copilot is handling all of this for me. And then is handling all of this for me. And then is handling all of this for me. And then it rebased them together and yeah, it rebased them together and yeah, it rebased them together and yeah, merged into draft PR. Everything's merged into draft PR. Everything's merged into draft PR. Everything's working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There we go. And then it did a code review at we go. And then it did a code review at
[01:03:00] we go. And then it did a code review at the end. So one thing that this skill the end. So one thing that this skill the end. So one thing that this skill does really nicely is we can actually does really nicely is we can actually does really nicely is we can actually take a look at the skill in a minute is take a look at the skill in a minute is take a look at the skill in a minute is it runs an exploration agent. It runs it runs an exploration agent. It runs it runs an exploration agent. It runs everything it can in parallel and then everything it can in parallel and then everything it can in parallel and then it code reviews it at the end and fixes it code reviews it at the end and fixes it code reviews it at the end and fixes everything it finds. everything it finds. everything it finds. So once we get to there, there we go. So once we get to there, there we go. So once we get to there, there we go. You can see the code review running. You can see the code review running. You can see the code review running. You can see it fixing the review findings. can see it fixing the review findings. can see it fixing the review findings. We ended up with a pretty nice PR that We ended up with a pretty nice PR that We ended up with a pretty nice PR that we can actually just stack on top of the we can actually just stack on top of the we can actually just stack on top of the other one. So here is the original PR. other one. So here is the original PR. other one. So here is the original PR. Oh no, here we go. No, this is the Oh no, here we go. No, this is the
[01:03:31] Oh no, here we go. No, this is the proper PR. It closes all of the tickets proper PR. It closes all of the tickets proper PR. It closes all of the tickets that we created. Closes the spec. It that we created. Closes the spec. It that we created. Closes the spec. It closes the each individual ticket. And closes the each individual ticket. And closes the each individual ticket. And then we get a nice thing that we can then we get a nice thing that we can then we get a nice thing that we can actually merge on top of it in order to actually merge on top of it in order to actually merge on top of it in order to make our operations type safe in future. make our operations type safe in future. make our operations type safe in future. So that's the flow is if you want to So that's the flow is if you want to So that's the flow is if you want to make your code actually um function make your code actually um function make your code actually um function better over time and clear up some of better over time and clear up some of better over time and clear up some of the slop, you end up with these nice the slop, you end up with these nice the slop, you end up with these nice architecture reviews that you can just architecture reviews that you can just architecture reviews that you can just keep working on. But what about if you keep working on. But what about if you keep working on. But what about if you want to actually take this approach, want to actually take this approach,
[01:04:02] want to actually take this approach, take this unslopping approach and apply take this unslopping approach and apply take this unslopping approach and apply it to your own agent, to your agents it to your own agent, to your agents it to your own agent, to your agents environment. What do you do then? Well, environment. What do you do then? Well, environment. What do you do then? Well, I've got a new skill. And this new skill I've got a new skill. And this new skill I've got a new skill. And this new skill is called retro. Retro, take the four is called retro. Retro, take the four is called retro. Retro, take the four most recent sessions and do a retro on most recent sessions and do a retro on most recent sessions and do a retro on them. And a retro comes from the word them. And a retro comes from the word them. And a retro comes from the word retrospective where at the end of a retrospective where at the end of a retrospective where at the end of a piece of work, you look back over what piece of work, you look back over what piece of work, you look back over what you've done and see what you can you've done and see what you can you've done and see what you can improve. And so agents are pretty good improve. And so agents are pretty good improve. And so agents are pretty good at this because a lot of agents have at this because a lot of agents have
[01:04:32] at this because a lot of agents have access to their own session history. So access to their own session history. So access to their own session history. So does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you know most recent sessions reads the know most recent sessions reads the know most recent sessions reads the implementation session the architecture implementation session the architecture implementation session the architecture session looks for all the session looks for all the session looks for all the session artifacts and the session checkpoints artifacts and the session checkpoints artifacts and the session checkpoints and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. So we can see the implement spec run So we can see the implement spec run So we can see the implement spec run created PR directly from the active created PR directly from the active created PR directly from the active feature branch rather than its intended feature branch rather than its intended feature branch rather than its intended base. So there was a little bit of base. So there was a little bit of base. So there was a little bit of confusion there with the agent. So it's confusion there with the agent. So it's confusion there with the agent. So it's saying you probably need to change the saying you probably need to change the saying you probably need to change the skill a little bit. Tighten skill a little bit. Tighten skill a little bit. Tighten implementation specs integration branch implementation specs integration branch implementation specs integration branch step resolve the target base before step resolve the target base before
[01:05:02] step resolve the target base before creating anything. Then it's also creating anything. Then it's also creating anything. Then it's also looking at tool economy. So it's seeing looking at tool economy. So it's seeing looking at tool economy. So it's seeing are the tools that we're calling token are the tools that we're calling token are the tools that we're calling token efficient enough and also we're looking efficient enough and also we're looking efficient enough and also we're looking at navigation steps here. So this retro at navigation steps here. So this retro at navigation steps here. So this retro is something that's really exciting to is something that's really exciting to is something that's really exciting to me. It's something I'm going to continue me. It's something I'm going to continue me. It's something I'm going to continue working on and it builds on the main working on and it builds on the main working on and it builds on the main flow of the skills here where you grill flow of the skills here where you grill flow of the skills here where you grill you then uh either go and create spec you then uh either go and create spec you then uh either go and create spec and tickets to work it over multiple and tickets to work it over multiple and tickets to work it over multiple different sessions multiple sub aents. different sessions multiple sub aents. different sessions multiple sub aents. You then go to implement it. You then do You then go to implement it. You then do
[01:05:33] You then go to implement it. You then do a code review on it. And then you do a code review on it. And then you do a code review on it. And then you do a retro where you look for opportunities retro where you look for opportunities retro where you look for opportunities to do better next time. I'm excited to do better next time. I'm excited to do better next time. I'm excited about the growth of these skills. I'm about the growth of these skills. I'm about the growth of these skills. I'm excited about how so many people are excited about how so many people are excited about how so many people are going to get to work with them. And I going to get to work with them. And I going to get to work with them. And I just I love being able to package up my just I love being able to package up my just I love being able to package up my processes and send them to you. You can processes and send them to you. You can processes and send them to you. You can install them. You can modify them, install them. You can modify them, install them. You can modify them, fiddle with them. And I think that's so fiddle with them. And I think that's so fiddle with them. And I think that's so exciting for this era that we live so exciting for this era that we live so exciting for this era that we live in. I love it. So, thank you so much for in. I love it. So, thank you so much for in. I love it. So, thank you so much for watching. Have a great rest of Copilot watching. Have a great rest of Copilot watching. Have a great rest of Copilot Day. See you very soon. When an agent Day. See you very soon. When an agent Day. See you very soon. When an agent makes a change, you'll want to review makes a change, you'll want to review
[01:06:03] makes a change, you'll want to review it, run it, and see it. The good news is it, run it, and see it. The good news is it, run it, and see it. The good news is that you can do all three without that you can do all three without that you can do all three without leaving the app. Normally, those three leaving the app. Normally, those three leaving the app. Normally, those three jobs would mean bouncing between your jobs would mean bouncing between your jobs would mean bouncing between your editor, a terminal window, and a web editor, a terminal window, and a web editor, a terminal window, and a web browser. Here, they live side by side as browser. Here, they live side by side as browser. Here, they live side by side as built-in panels, so checking an agent's built-in panels, so checking an agent's built-in panels, so checking an agent's work is quick instead of a chore. A diff shows exactly what changed with A diff shows exactly what changed with additions in green and deletions in red, additions in green and deletions in red, additions in green and deletions in red, so nothing is a mystery. And you're not so nothing is a mystery. And you're not so nothing is a mystery. And you're not just a passive reader. You can accept just a passive reader. You can accept just a passive reader. You can accept changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot
[01:06:34] changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot to adjust. This is where you stay the to adjust. This is where you stay the to adjust. This is where you stay the decision maker, and nothing is final decision maker, and nothing is final decision maker, and nothing is final until you say so. That's the tight loop until you say so. That's the tight loop until you say so. That's the tight loop and the whole point. The faster you can and the whole point. The faster you can and the whole point. The faster you can go from change to confidence, the more go from change to confidence, the more go from change to confidence, the more comfortable you'll be letting agents comfortable you'll be letting agents comfortable you'll be letting agents help. Once we're happy, we can accept help. Once we're happy, we can accept help. Once we're happy, we can accept the change right here and create a PR the change right here and create a PR the change right here and create a PR and move on. Having review, run, and move on. Having review, run, and move on. Having review, run, and preview side by side is exactly what preview side by side is exactly what preview side by side is exactly what makes agent made changes feel safe makes agent made changes feel safe makes agent made changes feel safe instead of scary because you've seen the instead of scary because you've seen the instead of scary because you've seen the proof with your own eyes. Next time an proof with your own eyes. Next time an proof with your own eyes. Next time an agent edits your code, open the diff, agent edits your code, open the diff, agent edits your code, open the diff, run the tests, and preview it live run the tests, and preview it live
