[01:07:05] run the tests, and preview it live before you accept. Give it a try with before you accept. Give it a try with before you accept. Give it a try with GitHub Copilot app at gh.io/app. Hi everyone, my name is Julia and I'm a Hi everyone, my name is Julia and I'm a PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we are super excited. We're going to be are super excited. We're going to be are super excited. We're going to be talking about hydrofusion. With me today talking about hydrofusion. With me today talking about hydrofusion. With me today I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied scientist. She's on the Microsoft scientist. She's on the Microsoft scientist. She's on the Microsoft research team and you were one of the research team and you were one of the research team and you were one of the lead researchers for project hydra lead researchers for project hydra lead researchers for project hydra fusion. I'm super excited to have you fusion. I'm super excited to have you
[01:07:35] fusion. I'm super excited to have you Ashna and welcome. Ashna and welcome. Ashna and welcome. >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so excited to be here. excited to be here. excited to be here. >> Um very big day. Last Friday we >> Um very big day. Last Friday we >> Um very big day. Last Friday we announced hydro fusion and it was a big announced hydro fusion and it was a big announced hydro fusion and it was a big bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I think Friday definitely went by in a think Friday definitely went by in a think Friday definitely went by in a blur. Um, for everyone on this call who blur. Um, for everyone on this call who blur. Um, for everyone on this call who hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, I know James talked about it in his I know James talked about it in his I know James talked about it in his section previously and but we just section previously and but we just section previously and but we just wanted to make sure everyone is aware. wanted to make sure everyone is aware. wanted to make sure everyone is aware. So, hydrofusion right now is in the So, hydrofusion right now is in the
[01:08:06] So, hydrofusion right now is in the GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash models, you're now able in experimental models, you're now able in experimental models, you're now able in experimental mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. It's in a research preview. You're just It's in a research preview. You're just It's in a research preview. You're just able to give it any task you want and it able to give it any task you want and it able to give it any task you want and it will start doing and helping you out. It will start doing and helping you out. It will start doing and helping you out. It will show you whatever pattern execution will show you whatever pattern execution will show you whatever pattern execution pattern it pick. In this case, it picked pattern it pick. In this case, it picked pattern it pick. In this case, it picked single. It's doing all of the things for single. It's doing all of the things for single. It's doing all of the things for you. It will start implementing it and you. It will start implementing it and you. It will start implementing it and helping you out. It will of course also helping you out. It will of course also helping you out. It will of course also show you very regularly how many tokens show you very regularly how many tokens
[01:08:38] show you very regularly how many tokens or AI credits it has been used. Um so or AI credits it has been used. Um so or AI credits it has been used. Um so all of these things that we are already all of these things that we are already all of these things that we are already aware of. Um but before we going to go a aware of. Um but before we going to go a aware of. Um but before we going to go a little bit more into details Ashna from little bit more into details Ashna from little bit more into details Ashna from your perspective what is hydrofusion your perspective what is hydrofusion your perspective what is hydrofusion what is it all about and what are some what is it all about and what are some what is it all about and what are some of the problems it's helping our dev of the problems it's helping our dev of the problems it's helping our dev community out there community out there community out there >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an orchestration system so we take in a orchestration system so we take in a orchestration system so we take in a task we understand what the capabilities task we understand what the capabilities task we understand what the capabilities of the task are what are the of the task are what are the of the task are what are the requirements we score it we send it to requirements we score it we send it to
[01:09:10] requirements we score it we send it to one of the workflows that Julia just one of the workflows that Julia just one of the workflows that Julia just showed which is single cascade critic showed which is single cascade critic showed which is single cascade critic and we get the final outcome. So we no and we get the final outcome. So we no and we get the final outcome. So we no longer choose the best model for your longer choose the best model for your longer choose the best model for your task but we choose the right workflow task but we choose the right workflow task but we choose the right workflow which is a composition of different which is a composition of different which is a composition of different models. >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a little bit like model routing. Um can little bit like model routing. Um can little bit like model routing. Um can you explain a little bit more about why you explain a little bit more about why you explain a little bit more about why do we even need model routing? Why do we even need model routing? Why do we even need model routing? Why couldn't I just go in pick the best couldn't I just go in pick the best couldn't I just go in pick the best model that I know that is there for my model that I know that is there for my
[01:09:40] model that I know that is there for my task and why couldn't I just do it this task and why couldn't I just do it this task and why couldn't I just do it this way? >> Yeah, because best is the property of >> Yeah, because best is the property of >> Yeah, because best is the property of the model and task combined. To take an the model and task combined. To take an the model and task combined. To take an example, we ran a routing algorithm on example, we ran a routing algorithm on example, we ran a routing algorithm on 100 software 500 software engineering 100 software 500 software engineering 100 software 500 software engineering tasks. 318 tasks. 318 tasks. 318 um were solved by both the frontier um were solved by both the frontier um were solved by both the frontier model and a cheap model. 53 were solved model and a cheap model. 53 were solved model and a cheap model. 53 were solved by a frontier model alone and 29 were by a frontier model alone and 29 were by a frontier model alone and 29 were solved by the cheap model alone. Now the solved by the cheap model alone. Now the
[01:10:11] solved by the cheap model alone. Now the router has two jobs. One is to identify router has two jobs. One is to identify router has two jobs. One is to identify the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks and we no longer need the more expensive and we no longer need the more expensive and we no longer need the more expensive model for the task that both models can model for the task that both models can model for the task that both models can solve. The second job is to push the solve. The second job is to push the solve. The second job is to push the quality and go beyond the 318 and cover quality and go beyond the 318 and cover quality and go beyond the 318 and cover the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now that pushes the router ceiling to 400 that pushes the router ceiling to 400 that pushes the router ceiling to 400 tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling of the router. So selection has a of the router. So selection has a
[01:10:42] of the router. So selection has a ceiling but composition doesn't and ceiling but composition doesn't and ceiling but composition doesn't and that's where hydrofusion comes in. We that's where hydrofusion comes in. We that's where hydrofusion comes in. We try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks and we try to stretch the quality over and we try to stretch the quality over and we try to stretch the quality over there. >> Super interesting. So you're taking a >> Super interesting. So you're taking a >> Super interesting. So you're taking a little bit away the complexity from the little bit away the complexity from the little bit away the complexity from the end users. they don't have to worry end users. they don't have to worry end users. they don't have to worry about it. But you're even able to make about it. But you're even able to make about it. But you're even able to make it smarter in a way and picking the it smarter in a way and picking the it smarter in a way and picking the right route, right? right route, right? right route, right? >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a bit, it's um I guess every developer bit, it's um I guess every developer
[01:11:12] bit, it's um I guess every developer on this call is already doing this on a on this call is already doing this on a on this call is already doing this on a day-to-day basis. You take the task, you day-to-day basis. You take the task, you day-to-day basis. You take the task, you decide which model is good for the task, decide which model is good for the task, decide which model is good for the task, you understand the outcome, and you try you understand the outcome, and you try you understand the outcome, and you try to take it to the strong model if you're to take it to the strong model if you're to take it to the strong model if you're not satisfied with the outcome. So today not satisfied with the outcome. So today not satisfied with the outcome. So today you are the router, you are the reviewer you are the router, you are the reviewer you are the router, you are the reviewer and you are the escalation system. Hydro and you are the escalation system. Hydro and you are the escalation system. Hydro fusion combines these into three fusion combines these into three fusion combines these into three workflows and does it for you. So if you workflows and does it for you. So if you workflows and does it for you. So if you have a simple task, you take the request have a simple task, you take the request
[01:11:44] have a simple task, you take the request and you only need a simple model for the and you only need a simple model for the and you only need a simple model for the end toend execution. end toend execution. end toend execution. For more difficult tasks, you start with For more difficult tasks, you start with For more difficult tasks, you start with a model and you look at the outcome of a model and you look at the outcome of a model and you look at the outcome of the model. If it is not good enough, it the model. If it is not good enough, it the model. If it is not good enough, it goes to a stronger model and decid and goes to a stronger model and decid and goes to a stronger model and decid and the stronger model decides whether the stronger model decides whether the stronger model decides whether the outcome is not good enough and it does outcome is not good enough and it does outcome is not good enough and it does the task for you and you get the best the task for you and you get the best the task for you and you get the best output. For more harder tasks where output. For more harder tasks where output. For more harder tasks where quality actually matters is where the quality actually matters is where the quality actually matters is where the critic workflow comes in where we start critic workflow comes in where we start
[01:12:16] critic workflow comes in where we start with a strong model and we have a cheap with a strong model and we have a cheap with a strong model and we have a cheap reviewer which reviews the plan of the reviewer which reviews the plan of the reviewer which reviews the plan of the strong model and iterates on it giving strong model and iterates on it giving strong model and iterates on it giving you the best quality. Now here is the you the best quality. Now here is the you the best quality. Now here is the design decision that we had to make that design decision that we had to make that design decision that we had to make that the critic model um is always supposed the critic model um is always supposed the critic model um is always supposed to review the outcome and not do the to review the outcome and not do the to review the outcome and not do the edits directly because once the critic edits directly because once the critic edits directly because once the critic model starts imposing and not reviewing model starts imposing and not reviewing model starts imposing and not reviewing it tries to take over the main model. it tries to take over the main model.
[01:12:47] it tries to take over the main model. >> Very interesting. So all of these >> Very interesting. So all of these >> Very interesting. So all of these patterns um we already do in a way na patterns um we already do in a way na patterns um we already do in a way na naturally but basically hydrofusing is naturally but basically hydrofusing is naturally but basically hydrofusing is doing this for you. ideally staying with doing this for you. ideally staying with doing this for you. ideally staying with single um but sometimes it picks um a single um but sometimes it picks um a single um but sometimes it picks um a different model and uses it as well. So different model and uses it as well. So different model and uses it as well. So help me understand if you're picking or help me understand if you're picking or help me understand if you're picking or choosing another model in the mix how choosing another model in the mix how choosing another model in the mix how can it still stays cheaper than picking can it still stays cheaper than picking can it still stays cheaper than picking two models after each other. two models after each other. two models after each other. >> Yeah, because we are very selective and >> Yeah, because we are very selective and >> Yeah, because we are very selective and most of the requests actually just need most of the requests actually just need
[01:13:17] most of the requests actually just need the single workflow. um it's up to the single workflow. um it's up to the single workflow. um it's up to the task and the requirement of the task and the requirement of the task and the requirement of the task that we decide whether it needs to go to that we decide whether it needs to go to that we decide whether it needs to go to a stronger model for additional review a stronger model for additional review a stronger model for additional review or not. or not. or not. >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've heard you also have a de demo with heard you also have a de demo with heard you also have a de demo with you. So let's jump in. you. So let's jump in. you. So let's jump in. >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we see three views the same repository and see three views the same repository and see three views the same repository and we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion compared side to side. uh below you'll compared side to side. uh below you'll
[01:13:48] compared side to side. uh below you'll see the cost in terms of AI units and we see the cost in terms of AI units and we see the cost in terms of AI units and we see that for a simple query hydrofusion see that for a simple query hydrofusion see that for a simple query hydrofusion routes it to the single workflow we routes it to the single workflow we routes it to the single workflow we don't need a strong model for adding don't need a strong model for adding don't need a strong model for adding type hints and dock strings and you can type hints and dock strings and you can type hints and dock strings and you can see the cost difference in the bottom. Now if we go to the next query Now if we go to the next query we again there is a simple query which we again there is a simple query which we again there is a simple query which is renaming a config key across the is renaming a config key across the is renaming a config key across the repo. Again a simple change we don't repo. Again a simple change we don't
[01:14:20] repo. Again a simple change we don't really need a strong model. So really need a strong model. So really need a strong model. So hydrofusion routes it to the single hydrofusion routes it to the single hydrofusion routes it to the single workflow and we are resolving it with a workflow and we are resolving it with a workflow and we are resolving it with a soul. So again saved cost for this and soul. So again saved cost for this and soul. So again saved cost for this and it's automatically doing it behind the it's automatically doing it behind the it's automatically doing it behind the scenes. Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a harder query which is fixing the failing harder query which is fixing the failing harder query which is fixing the failing retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the cascade workflow. cascade workflow. cascade workflow. It starts with a simple model like Luna It starts with a simple model like Luna It starts with a simple model like Luna and it reviews whether Luna actually and it reviews whether Luna actually
[01:14:51] and it reviews whether Luna actually made the required edits. Now a stronger made the required edits. Now a stronger made the required edits. Now a stronger model like soul comes in and checks it model like soul comes in and checks it model like soul comes in and checks it and says oh it's I don't like the and says oh it's I don't like the and says oh it's I don't like the output and I uh will redo it. So we get output and I uh will redo it. So we get output and I uh will redo it. So we get the final outcome from soul instead. And if you look at the cost, we are And if you look at the cost, we are still lower in spite of using the two still lower in spite of using the two still lower in spite of using the two models. Now comes the harder query where quality Now comes the harder query where quality Now comes the harder query where quality really matters which is for this really matters which is for this
[01:15:21] really matters which is for this particular query we are doing some o particular query we are doing some o particular query we are doing some o changes and hydrofusion picks the critic changes and hydrofusion picks the critic changes and hydrofusion picks the critic workflow. So we start with a model like workflow. So we start with a model like workflow. So we start with a model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like soul which revises the output of opus 5 soul which revises the output of opus 5 soul which revises the output of opus 5 and gives you the best outcome. and gives you the best outcome. and gives you the best outcome. Now note that hydrofusion decides to Now note that hydrofusion decides to Now note that hydrofusion decides to spend the cost where it matters the spend the cost where it matters the spend the cost where it matters the most. So where quality matters we do most. So where quality matters we do most. So where quality matters we do spend more because we want to make sure spend more because we want to make sure spend more because we want to make sure that the best quality is delivered. Now for the four queries that we just
[01:15:58] Now for the four queries that we just ran, if you look at the session overall ran, if you look at the session overall ran, if you look at the session overall and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, we in spite of spending more for the we in spite of spending more for the we in spite of spending more for the critic workflow which is the fourth critic workflow which is the fourth critic workflow which is the fourth task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of cost while delivering the same quality. cost while delivering the same quality. cost while delivering the same quality. >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing is the end user doesn't have to worry is the end user doesn't have to worry is the end user doesn't have to worry about it. I basically just picked about it. I basically just picked about it. I basically just picked hydroofusion. It does it for me. It hydroofusion. It does it for me. It
[01:16:29] hydroofusion. It does it for me. It either picks single, it picks the either picks single, it picks the either picks single, it picks the cascade one or the critique one. And as cascade one or the critique one. And as cascade one or the critique one. And as we've seen with critique, yes, it picks we've seen with critique, yes, it picks we've seen with critique, yes, it picks or does another review because it knows or does another review because it knows or does another review because it knows the quality here really matters. And the quality here really matters. And the quality here really matters. And that's where it's still cheaper than that's where it's still cheaper than that's where it's still cheaper than Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that it is needed in that use case scenario it is needed in that use case scenario it is needed in that use case scenario here. >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um public um publicly now but it's um public um publicly now but it's um public um publicly now but it's um considered a um research preview. So considered a um research preview. So
[01:16:59] considered a um research preview. So before we go live I know we tested it before we go live I know we tested it before we go live I know we tested it internally but can you walk us a little internally but can you walk us a little internally but can you walk us a little bit about or talk a little bit about bit about or talk a little bit about bit about or talk a little bit about what are some additional tests? How are what are some additional tests? How are what are some additional tests? How are you evaluating? How did you know there you evaluating? How did you know there you evaluating? How did you know there was such excitement behind hydrofusion? was such excitement behind hydrofusion? was such excitement behind hydrofusion? So what are some of the things that you So what are some of the things that you So what are some of the things that you and the team looked at? and the team looked at? and the team looked at? >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro fusion is really running it on a few fusion is really running it on a few fusion is really running it on a few benchmarks which is a combination of benchmarks which is a combination of benchmarks which is a combination of open-source benchmark and our own open-source benchmark and our own open-source benchmark and our own internal benchmark which is checkpoint internal benchmark which is checkpoint
[01:17:29] internal benchmark which is checkpoint bench. So um the two open source bench. So um the two open source bench. So um the two open source benchmarks that we picked are terminal benchmarks that we picked are terminal benchmarks that we picked are terminal bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is we fix the frontier model for all the we fix the frontier model for all the we fix the frontier model for all the tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion in terms of cost and quality. So if you in terms of cost and quality. So if you in terms of cost and quality. So if you see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point quality difference. For Deep Suite, we quality difference. For Deep Suite, we quality difference. For Deep Suite, we are at similar quality than Opus 5 and are at similar quality than Opus 5 and
[01:17:59] are at similar quality than Opus 5 and 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, which is our internal data set, we are which is our internal data set, we are which is our internal data set, we are at similar quality as Opus 5 again at similar quality as Opus 5 again at similar quality as Opus 5 again at 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I mean, I would I know we don't have that mean, I would I know we don't have that mean, I would I know we don't have that much time left. Um, but you talked about much time left. Um, but you talked about much time left. Um, but you talked about two public benchmarks here. You also two public benchmarks here. You also two public benchmarks here. You also talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is an internal benchmark. Can you tell or an internal benchmark. Can you tell or an internal benchmark. Can you tell or tease a little bit about why do we also tease a little bit about why do we also tease a little bit about why do we also rely on internal benchmarks and why this rely on internal benchmarks and why this rely on internal benchmarks and why this number is also super exciting for us? number is also super exciting for us?
[01:18:30] number is also super exciting for us? >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we had to create our own internal had to create our own internal had to create our own internal benchmark. One is public benchmarks look benchmark. One is public benchmarks look benchmark. One is public benchmarks look at the average of model performance and at the average of model performance and at the average of model performance and what we care about is the disagreement what we care about is the disagreement what we care about is the disagreement between the models. The second is most between the models. The second is most between the models. The second is most of the public benchmarks are single turn of the public benchmarks are single turn of the public benchmarks are single turn and they are mostly saturated. Real life and they are mostly saturated. Real life and they are mostly saturated. Real life conversations are more multi-turn. So we conversations are more multi-turn. So we conversations are more multi-turn. So we go back and forth and we um try to um go back and forth and we um try to um go back and forth and we um try to um look at the agentic conversation in a look at the agentic conversation in a
[01:19:01] look at the agentic conversation in a multi-turn way. And the third one is multi-turn way. And the third one is multi-turn way. And the third one is contamination. So for our benchmark, we contamination. So for our benchmark, we contamination. So for our benchmark, we fix the um uh code to the commit right fix the um uh code to the commit right fix the um uh code to the commit right before the fix and we cut off the before the fix and we cut off the before the fix and we cut off the network access to code host. So now the network access to code host. So now the network access to code host. So now the agent cannot clone the repository and agent cannot clone the repository and agent cannot clone the repository and look at the commit that fixed the bug look at the commit that fixed the bug look at the commit that fixed the bug beforehand. So while we want to keep hill climbing So while we want to keep hill climbing So while we want to keep hill climbing on the public benchmarks to compare on the public benchmarks to compare on the public benchmarks to compare against the frontier models, it is very against the frontier models, it is very
[01:19:31] against the frontier models, it is very important for us to stay close to actual important for us to stay close to actual important for us to stay close to actual user queries which is why we need the user queries which is why we need the user queries which is why we need the internal data set. internal data set. internal data set. >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set whenever a new model drops that you're whenever a new model drops that you're whenever a new model drops that you're evaluating and trying to make sure or is evaluating and trying to make sure or is evaluating and trying to make sure or is should it be part of the new set of should it be part of the new set of should it be part of the new set of hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same setup you go through for any potential setup you go through for any potential setup you go through for any potential new models? new models? new models? >> It's the same strategy. Um, the >> It's the same strategy. Um, the >> It's the same strategy. Um, the benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to keep up with the benchmarks and the keep up with the benchmarks and the keep up with the benchmarks and the models and um, yeah, every week it's models and um, yeah, every week it's
[01:20:04] models and um, yeah, every week it's evolving and we need to keep up. evolving and we need to keep up. evolving and we need to keep up. >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this being said, Hydroofusion is out today. being said, Hydroofusion is out today. being said, Hydroofusion is out today. Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're doing SLEexperimental. It's an doing SLEexperimental. It's an doing SLEexperimental. It's an experimental research preview. Um, if experimental research preview. Um, if experimental research preview. Um, if you have any feedback and we are you have any feedback and we are you have any feedback and we are actively listening. We have an external actively listening. We have an external actively listening. We have an external discussion post out there. Make sure discussion post out there. Make sure discussion post out there. Make sure you're leaving any feedback that you you're leaving any feedback that you you're leaving any feedback that you might have. Uh, what's next? We are might have. Uh, what's next? We are might have. Uh, what's next? We are already working on the GitHub copilot already working on the GitHub copilot already working on the GitHub copilot app integration, VS Code integration as app integration, VS Code integration as
[01:20:35] app integration, VS Code integration as well. We already have a few u UX well. We already have a few u UX well. We already have a few u UX improvements queued up as well um, based improvements queued up as well um, based improvements queued up as well um, based on all of the great feedback that we've on all of the great feedback that we've on all of the great feedback that we've already seen from the community out already seen from the community out already seen from the community out there. So please let us know. Um and there. So please let us know. Um and there. So please let us know. Um and yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? >> Yeah, I think the interesting question >> Yeah, I think the interesting question >> Yeah, I think the interesting question changed. For the last two years, we've changed. For the last two years, we've changed. For the last two years, we've been focusing on what is the best model been focusing on what is the best model been focusing on what is the best model that is coming and the frontier keeps that is coming and the frontier keeps that is coming and the frontier keeps evolving. But what we want to focus on evolving. But what we want to focus on evolving. But what we want to focus on is the orchestration. is the orchestration.
[01:21:05] is the orchestration. Again, selection has a ceiling, but Again, selection has a ceiling, but Again, selection has a ceiling, but composition doesn't. And that's where we composition doesn't. And that's where we composition doesn't. And that's where we are taking this next with orchestration. are taking this next with orchestration. are taking this next with orchestration. So you can stop being a router, a So you can stop being a router, a So you can stop being a router, a reviewer and an escalation system and go reviewer and an escalation system and go reviewer and an escalation system and go back to building what you care back to building what you care back to building what you care about. >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be in the chat so leave any questions that in the chat so leave any questions that in the chat so leave any questions that you might have. And with this being you might have. And with this being you might have. And with this being said, I'm handing back to the studio. said, I'm handing back to the studio. said, I'm handing back to the studio. Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot app special. The C-pilot app is the agent native home
[01:21:42] The C-pilot app is the agent native home for your work on GitHub right on your for your work on GitHub right on your for your work on GitHub right on your desktop. Agents can go beyond just desktop. Agents can go beyond just desktop. Agents can go beyond just generating code. They can run builds and generating code. They can run builds and generating code. They can run builds and tests, create PRs, and even access tests, create PRs, and even access tests, create PRs, and even access external services. You can control their external services. You can control their external services. You can control their level of autonomy depending on your level of autonomy depending on your level of autonomy depending on your needs and scenarios. You can create needs and scenarios. You can create needs and scenarios. You can create sessions on your repos with each session sessions on your repos with each session sessions on your repos with each session using work trees to be independent of using work trees to be independent of using work trees to be independent of one another. And you can even use agents one another. And you can even use agents one another. And you can even use agents to help you manage your PR in CI flow. to help you manage your PR in CI flow. to help you manage your PR in CI flow. There's of course lots more to explore. There's of course lots more to explore.
[01:22:12] There's of course lots more to explore. As always, the best way to learn is to As always, the best way to learn is to As always, the best way to learn is to get in and play with the tool yourself. get in and play with the tool yourself. get in and play with the tool yourself. You can download it at gh.io/app. You can download it at gh.io/app. You can download it at gh.io/app. Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a task that's been sitting on your backlog task that's been sitting on your backlog task that's been sitting on your backlog for a while now. You might be surprised for a while now. You might be surprised for a while now. You might be surprised how much it gets done while you're still how much it gets done while you're still how much it gets done while you're still learning the tool. Hey folks, welcome back. That Hey folks, welcome back. That hydrofusion model looks amazing, hydrofusion model looks amazing,
[01:22:42] hydrofusion model looks amazing, especially at that at the cost. Cost is especially at that at the cost. Cost is especially at that at the cost. Cost is super important. Uh, but something else super important. Uh, but something else super important. Uh, but something else that I want to show you um, really that I want to show you um, really that I want to show you um, really quickly is this little item right here. quickly is this little item right here. quickly is this little item right here. This, let me get this in the I feel like This, let me get this in the I feel like This, let me get this in the I feel like we're doing home shopping. This is This we're doing home shopping. This is This we're doing home shopping. This is This is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX Creative Console. This at the top is the Creative Console. This at the top is the Creative Console. This at the top is the Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you could use this device to see all of your could use this device to see all of your could use this device to see all of your running Copilot sessions, easily move running Copilot sessions, easily move
