[01:23:13] running Copilot sessions, easily move between them, toggle the mic on and off, between them, toggle the mic on and off, between them, toggle the mic on and off, enable, disable MCP servers. You can do enable, disable MCP servers. You can do enable, disable MCP servers. You can do that and you can do that today. So, you that and you can do that today. So, you that and you can do that today. So, you can get this device today and you can get this device today and you can get this device today and you can get it working with GitHub Copilot. get it working with GitHub Copilot. get it working with GitHub Copilot. Today, we're going to do that here in Today, we're going to do that here in Today, we're going to do that here in just a little bit. We're going to get just a little bit. We're going to get just a little bit. We're going to get this thing up and running, show you this thing up and running, show you this thing up and running, show you exactly how that works and how you can exactly how that works and how you can exactly how that works and how you can increase your productivity. But speaking increase your productivity. But speaking increase your productivity. But speaking of productivity, what I want to do now of productivity, what I want to do now of productivity, what I want to do now is go over to Megan to show you what's is go over to Megan to show you what's is go over to Megan to show you what's new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, where you work today in both Teams and where you work today in both Teams and where you work today in both Teams and Slack. Megan, Slack. Megan,
[01:23:45] Slack. Megan, >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm going to talk a little bit more about uh going to talk a little bit more about uh going to talk a little bit more about uh how you can use Copilot from multiple how you can use Copilot from multiple how you can use Copilot from multiple surfaces uh and spend a little time on surfaces uh and spend a little time on surfaces uh and spend a little time on our Slack surface specifically. Uh the our Slack surface specifically. Uh the our Slack surface specifically. Uh the keynote today, James and Pierce talked keynote today, James and Pierce talked keynote today, James and Pierce talked about and showed some of the value of about and showed some of the value of about and showed some of the value of using it in Slack, but I just want to using it in Slack, but I just want to using it in Slack, but I just want to spend a little bit more time building spend a little bit more time building spend a little bit more time building something together and uh so we'll just something together and uh so we'll just something together and uh so we'll just we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we're looking at here is my fitness we're looking at here is my fitness we're looking at here is my fitness booking app. This is just like a fun app booking app. This is just like a fun app
[01:24:15] booking app. This is just like a fun app that I've been building that's a way for that I've been building that's a way for that I've been building that's a way for users to book local fitness classes. Um, users to book local fitness classes. Um, users to book local fitness classes. Um, and I want to show some of the history and I want to show some of the history and I want to show some of the history of like what I've done inside Slack. of like what I've done inside Slack. of like what I've done inside Slack. I've predominantly developed this app I've predominantly developed this app I've predominantly developed this app inside of Slack, which is very fun and inside of Slack, which is very fun and inside of Slack, which is very fun and it's useful when I'm on the go and I can it's useful when I'm on the go and I can it's useful when I'm on the go and I can just kick things off. Uh, and so an just kick things off. Uh, and so an just kick things off. Uh, and so an example of the types of things I've example of the types of things I've example of the types of things I've built here in Slack. If you jump into built here in Slack. If you jump into built here in Slack. If you jump into this code channel, which is a new Slack this code channel, which is a new Slack this code channel, which is a new Slack feature in their uh, Slack code feature in their uh, Slack code feature in their uh, Slack code offering, you can see that I'm going offering, you can see that I'm going offering, you can see that I'm going back and forth with another PM on my back and forth with another PM on my back and forth with another PM on my team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this
[01:24:45] team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this new ability to see trending classes new ability to see trending classes new ability to see trending classes inside of the app. And that way, it kind inside of the app. And that way, it kind inside of the app. And that way, it kind of gives the user some signal on like of gives the user some signal on like of gives the user some signal on like what are some fun classes that, you what are some fun classes that, you what are some fun classes that, you know, people are really enjoying. And know, people are really enjoying. And know, people are really enjoying. And so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in and says like, okay, looking at this, and says like, okay, looking at this, and says like, okay, looking at this, like, can we hide the trending pills? like, can we hide the trending pills? like, can we hide the trending pills? It's a bit too noisy. And then right It's a bit too noisy. And then right It's a bit too noisy. And then right here in Slack, you can see the live app here in Slack, you can see the live app here in Slack, you can see the live app renderer, which makes it really easy to renderer, which makes it really easy to renderer, which makes it really easy to iterate quickly on these kind of like iterate quickly on these kind of like iterate quickly on these kind of like more front-end workflows. Uh, and the more front-end workflows. Uh, and the more front-end workflows. Uh, and the GitHub copilot harness is powering all GitHub copilot harness is powering all
[01:25:15] GitHub copilot harness is powering all of this. So, the harness is returning of this. So, the harness is returning of this. So, the harness is returning all of the um all the work and it's all of the um all the work and it's all of the um all the work and it's allowing us to see it and iterate on it allowing us to see it and iterate on it allowing us to see it and iterate on it directly. And what I love about this is directly. And what I love about this is directly. And what I love about this is like this experience is really nice uh like this experience is really nice uh like this experience is really nice uh inside Slack, especially if you're inside Slack, especially if you're inside Slack, especially if you're working with a team member. We also working with a team member. We also working with a team member. We also offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh especially powerful when you can use it especially powerful when you can use it especially powerful when you can use it across all surfaces. So I can open this across all surfaces. So I can open this across all surfaces. So I can open this inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow while we do the live uh the live while we do the live uh the live while we do the live uh the live building together. And I can open it on building together. And I can open it on
[01:25:46] building together. And I can open it on mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR and changes and pick it up inside VS and changes and pick it up inside VS and changes and pick it up inside VS Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so this just allows me to build wherever is this just allows me to build wherever is this just allows me to build wherever is natural to me and kind of start work and natural to me and kind of start work and natural to me and kind of start work and finish it wherever I happen to be at finish it wherever I happen to be at finish it wherever I happen to be at that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to do together while uh I have you all is do together while uh I have you all is do together while uh I have you all is build some sort of new feature. Uh I build some sort of new feature. Uh I build some sort of new feature. Uh I kind of wish this was like a birectional kind of wish this was like a birectional kind of wish this was like a birectional like situation where you guys could like situation where you guys could like situation where you guys could suggest features. I think that'd be very suggest features. I think that'd be very suggest features. I think that'd be very fun. But the one I just came up with the fun. But the one I just came up with the
[01:26:16] fun. But the one I just came up with the top of my head right now is let's build top of my head right now is let's build top of my head right now is let's build a visual log uh of every class that I've a visual log uh of every class that I've a visual log uh of every class that I've been to so that the user has this like been to so that the user has this like been to so that the user has this like self-personaliz personalization. Uh and self-personaliz personalization. Uh and self-personaliz personalization. Uh and so I'm going to kick that off and show so I'm going to kick that off and show so I'm going to kick that off and show you live just like how fast this is. I you live just like how fast this is. I you live just like how fast this is. I think that's one of the things I'm think that's one of the things I'm think that's one of the things I'm enjoying the most is, you know, on the enjoying the most is, you know, on the enjoying the most is, you know, on the GitHub side, we've done a lot to make GitHub side, we've done a lot to make GitHub side, we've done a lot to make the experience really good in the cloud the experience really good in the cloud the experience really good in the cloud sandbox environment. And so you can kind sandbox environment. And so you can kind sandbox environment. And so you can kind of like feel that experience when you're of like feel that experience when you're of like feel that experience when you're using it and developing on it. So I've using it and developing on it. So I've using it and developing on it. So I've kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling
[01:26:46] kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling me what it's doing. So the first thing me what it's doing. So the first thing me what it's doing. So the first thing it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting your cloud environment. And then it your cloud environment. And then it your cloud environment. And then it said, I'm reading the chat history to said, I'm reading the chat history to said, I'm reading the chat history to get some context of what we're doing. get some context of what we're doing. get some context of what we're doing. Uh, and then from there it opens this Uh, and then from there it opens this Uh, and then from there it opens this code channel which is a way to just kind code channel which is a way to just kind code channel which is a way to just kind of keep all of its metadata about this of keep all of its metadata about this of keep all of its metadata about this feature inside one place in Slack. You c feature inside one place in Slack. You c feature inside one place in Slack. You c you can obviously just have it like you can obviously just have it like you can obviously just have it like paste in the thread as well. This is paste in the thread as well. This is paste in the thread as well. This is kind of just like a user choice thing. kind of just like a user choice thing. kind of just like a user choice thing. But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I opened this uh channel here for us to opened this uh channel here for us to opened this uh channel here for us to collaborate together. And if I come into collaborate together. And if I come into
[01:27:16] collaborate together. And if I come into this channel, you can kind you can see this channel, you can kind you can see this channel, you can kind you can see some new metadata that you probably some new metadata that you probably some new metadata that you probably aren't used to seeing inside of Slack aren't used to seeing inside of Slack aren't used to seeing inside of Slack and Teams, which is now we see the like and Teams, which is now we see the like and Teams, which is now we see the like repo it's working on or the branch it's repo it's working on or the branch it's repo it's working on or the branch it's working on, the repo it's working in. working on, the repo it's working in. working on, the repo it's working in. And then there's this open session which And then there's this open session which And then there's this open session which I will follow and show you all how I can I will follow and show you all how I can I will follow and show you all how I can see all of this inside github.com. And see all of this inside github.com. And see all of this inside github.com. And so it is nice to have it all in context. so it is nice to have it all in context. so it is nice to have it all in context. I'm already inside this repo. I can see I'm already inside this repo. I can see I'm already inside this repo. I can see the other work that's being done in this the other work that's being done in this the other work that's being done in this repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, which I wanted to attempt to demo live, which I wanted to attempt to demo live,
[01:27:46] which I wanted to attempt to demo live, though I know it won't render great, but though I know it won't render great, but though I know it won't render great, but um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud sessions, and so I can see them all and sessions, and so I can see them all and sessions, and so I can see them all and am able to follow its progress on the am able to follow its progress on the am able to follow its progress on the go. And then from here, I can kind of see And then from here, I can kind of see And then from here, I can kind of see what the history is. If someone else what the history is. If someone else what the history is. If someone else came in, it would show me their work as came in, it would show me their work as came in, it would show me their work as well. I can see what the spend is of the well. I can see what the spend is of the well. I can see what the spend is of the session, which I know is like very session, which I know is like very session, which I know is like very important um, for a lot of users to be important um, for a lot of users to be important um, for a lot of users to be able to calibrate their own spending and able to calibrate their own spending and able to calibrate their own spending and keep an eye on it. And then inside the keep an eye on it. And then inside the keep an eye on it. And then inside the slack channel, the last thing I can see slack channel, the last thing I can see slack channel, the last thing I can see is the model. Uh you can obviously is the model. Uh you can obviously
[01:28:16] is the model. Uh you can obviously change that model, but we have our change that model, but we have our change that model, but we have our default model here. And so the uh default model here. And so the uh default model here. And so the uh implementation plan is just walking implementation plan is just walking implementation plan is just walking through what the agent is working on through what the agent is working on through what the agent is working on similar to what you would expect in similar to what you would expect in similar to what you would expect in other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the runtime is all the same. So the runtime is all the same. So the runtime is all the same. So the experience that you get inside the CLI experience that you get inside the CLI experience that you get inside the CLI or inside the GitHub copilot app should or inside the GitHub copilot app should or inside the GitHub copilot app should be very similar to what you see inside be very similar to what you see inside be very similar to what you see inside Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just working on, you know, building this out. working on, you know, building this out. working on, you know, building this out. And while it's doing that, I have a And while it's doing that, I have a And while it's doing that, I have a couple of my already baked cakes that I couple of my already baked cakes that I couple of my already baked cakes that I wanted to walk through because I think
[01:28:46] wanted to walk through because I think wanted to walk through because I think this experience is fun. And this like this experience is fun. And this like this experience is fun. And this like use case of a um like a fitness booking use case of a um like a fitness booking use case of a um like a fitness booking app is I think a really fun one to just app is I think a really fun one to just app is I think a really fun one to just be able to like quickly visualize what be able to like quickly visualize what be able to like quickly visualize what what's going on, what is the agent what's going on, what is the agent what's going on, what is the agent doing. So, right before I jumped onto doing. So, right before I jumped onto doing. So, right before I jumped onto this stream, like literally right before this stream, like literally right before this stream, like literally right before I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a feature you would want?" And he's like, feature you would want?" And he's like, feature you would want?" And he's like, "I feel like a really good feature is "I feel like a really good feature is "I feel like a really good feature is like, what's the promos? Like, what is a like, what's the promos? Like, what is a like, what's the promos? Like, what is a class that's cheap this week?" Because class that's cheap this week?" Because class that's cheap this week?" Because that might influence, you know, me that might influence, you know, me
[01:29:17] that might influence, you know, me changing my routine. And so, I just changing my routine. And so, I just changing my routine. And so, I just quickly shot a note to GitHub like, quickly shot a note to GitHub like, quickly shot a note to GitHub like, "Hey, build this thing, but give me five "Hey, build this thing, but give me five "Hey, build this thing, but give me five examples so that I can just or sorry, examples so that I can just or sorry, examples so that I can just or sorry, five, give me three examples that I can five, give me three examples that I can five, give me three examples that I can just choose from." Um, and I said like just choose from." Um, and I said like just choose from." Um, and I said like an example is like a $5 promo on an example is like a $5 promo on an example is like a $5 promo on Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, the first one is this like campaign the first one is this like campaign the first one is this like campaign banner, which I think I like the most. banner, which I think I like the most. banner, which I think I like the most. Uh, and then the second option is this Uh, and then the second option is this Uh, and then the second option is this almost like this very salesy. This almost like this very salesy. This
[01:29:47] almost like this very salesy. This reminds me of like some sort of like reminds me of like some sort of like reminds me of like some sort of like Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm going for, but it's really fun to have going for, but it's really fun to have going for, but it's really fun to have this level of iteration because then I this level of iteration because then I this level of iteration because then I can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, you know, you asked for this feature. you know, you asked for this feature. you know, you asked for this feature. What are your thoughts? Is this what you What are your thoughts? Is this what you What are your thoughts? Is this what you were expecting or not?" And uh you know, were expecting or not?" And uh you know, were expecting or not?" And uh you know, from there I can pick it up with the from there I can pick it up with the from there I can pick it up with the agent. I can also see the code diff agent. I can also see the code diff agent. I can also see the code diff inside of um oh, apparently I can't inside of um oh, apparently I can't inside of um oh, apparently I can't right now, but I will show it in my right now, but I will show it in my right now, but I will show it in my other channel. um when uh the agent will other channel. um when uh the agent will other channel. um when uh the agent will by default show the code diff and then by default show the code diff and then
[01:30:18] by default show the code diff and then you can open a PR which I feel like is you can open a PR which I feel like is you can open a PR which I feel like is you know a very common workflow of where you know a very common workflow of where you know a very common workflow of where I would want to go from here. So let's I would want to go from here. So let's I would want to go from here. So let's do that live and then I can kind of show do that live and then I can kind of show do that live and then I can kind of show the continuity throughout all of GitHub. the continuity throughout all of GitHub. the continuity throughout all of GitHub. Let's check back in now on the Let's check back in now on the Let's check back in now on the session we kicked off around doing the session we kicked off around doing the session we kicked off around doing the class history. So, I'm just checking in class history. So, I'm just checking in class history. So, I'm just checking in on it and it's uh working on the on it and it's uh working on the on it and it's uh working on the complete history experience. The test complete history experience. The test complete history experience. The test data that I have in the app for this has data that I have in the app for this has data that I have in the app for this has like 12 attendance records. I'm going to like 12 attendance records. I'm going to
[01:30:48] like 12 attendance records. I'm going to quickly show you all just what it looks quickly show you all just what it looks quickly show you all just what it looks like today so we have a reference point like today so we have a reference point like today so we have a reference point when it makes this change. So, here's when it makes this change. So, here's when it makes this change. So, here's our app today that I briefly showed our app today that I briefly showed our app today that I briefly showed earlier. Um the profile experience has earlier. Um the profile experience has earlier. Um the profile experience has this like classes remaining because it's this like classes remaining because it's this like classes remaining because it's based on like a monthly quota, but based on like a monthly quota, but based on like a monthly quota, but there's no real insight into like okay, there's no real insight into like okay, there's no real insight into like okay, you know, what value did I get from this you know, what value did I get from this you know, what value did I get from this subscription? And so part of the subscription? And so part of the subscription? And so part of the thing we're trying to add is just the thing we're trying to add is just the thing we're trying to add is just the history to kind of make it fun to be the history to kind of make it fun to be the history to kind of make it fun to be like here's all the things you did, you like here's all the things you did, you like here's all the things you did, you know, since you're paying for your know, since you're paying for your know, since you're paying for your monthly subscription. Um, and then I monthly subscription. Um, and then I
[01:31:18] monthly subscription. Um, and then I want to show one code diff while we're want to show one code diff while we're want to show one code diff while we're in this channel so you can in this channel so you can in this channel so you can see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to the GitHub PRS view where it's broken the GitHub PRS view where it's broken the GitHub PRS view where it's broken down by file and each change. Um, this down by file and each change. Um, this down by file and each change. Um, this obviously would match. Let me see if I obviously would match. Let me see if I obviously would match. Let me see if I have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the open PR for this. um they should be open PR for this. um they should be open PR for this. um they should be identical because it's just the diff identical because it's just the diff identical because it's just the diff inside the sandbox um being opened into inside the sandbox um being opened into inside the sandbox um being opened into a PR. And so you can imagine the a PR. And so you can imagine the a PR. And so you can imagine the continuity here in terms of, you know, continuity here in terms of, you know, continuity here in terms of, you know, in my repo I have copilot reviewing it in my repo I have copilot reviewing it in my repo I have copilot reviewing it by default. And so I am doing this work by default. And so I am doing this work
[01:31:50] by default. And so I am doing this work from Slack, but I'm getting all of the from Slack, but I'm getting all of the from Slack, but I'm getting all of the benefits of my like enterprise code benefits of my like enterprise code benefits of my like enterprise code review inside of GitHub. And all of review inside of GitHub. And all of review inside of GitHub. And all of these things have a great integration these things have a great integration these things have a great integration across them, which I feel like as a user across them, which I feel like as a user across them, which I feel like as a user is nice to not have to think about like, is nice to not have to think about like, is nice to not have to think about like, oh, I need to copy and paste context oh, I need to copy and paste context oh, I need to copy and paste context from here to this agent to this thing. from here to this agent to this thing. from here to this agent to this thing. You know, the sessions just flow. uh You know, the sessions just flow. uh You know, the sessions just flow. uh whether it's from mobile to uh or whether it's from mobile to uh or whether it's from mobile to uh or from Slack to my local you know desktop from Slack to my local you know desktop from Slack to my local you know desktop client uh or terminal and then into client uh or terminal and then into client uh or terminal and then into github.com. It's just that continuity github.com. It's just that continuity
[01:32:21] github.com. It's just that continuity that I think as a user is really nice so that I think as a user is really nice so that I think as a user is really nice so that it just happens for me. It's not that it just happens for me. It's not that it just happens for me. It's not something I have to manually think something I have to manually think something I have to manually think about. This is the fun of live demos. Uh it This is the fun of live demos. Uh it should just magically appear with should just magically appear with should just magically appear with something shortly. Um there we go. That something shortly. Um there we go. That something shortly. Um there we go. That was great timing. um as I was doing was great timing. um as I was doing was great timing. um as I was doing that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are opening some issues based on the opening some issues based on the opening some issues based on the history. Uh which isn't exactly what I history. Uh which isn't exactly what I history. Uh which isn't exactly what I wanted. Uh but we can we can easily wanted. Uh but we can we can easily
[01:32:51] wanted. Uh but we can we can easily redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking through what each of the issues are and through what each of the issues are and through what each of the issues are and how we need to address it. And then it's how we need to address it. And then it's how we need to address it. And then it's it also appears that the agent is going it also appears that the agent is going it also appears that the agent is going to make the change. So hopefully that to make the change. So hopefully that to make the change. So hopefully that pops up here while we're doing it live. pops up here while we're doing it live. pops up here while we're doing it live. Um, but luckily we had those uh backup Um, but luckily we had those uh backup Um, but luckily we had those uh backup examples in case it doesn't finish in examples in case it doesn't finish in examples in case it doesn't finish in time. And I'll take one more look at time. And I'll take one more look at time. And I'll take one more look at this uh live session. So you can just this uh live session. So you can just this uh live session. So you can just kind of see the experience of as it's kind of see the experience of as it's kind of see the experience of as it's going through here. Uh I can see like going through here. Uh I can see like going through here. Uh I can see like the additional agent logs if I want more the additional agent logs if I want more
[01:33:21] the additional agent logs if I want more details as to what the agent's doing. details as to what the agent's doing. details as to what the agent's doing. Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton of sense to like render all of these of sense to like render all of these of sense to like render all of these things, but it's really nice for me to things, but it's really nice for me to things, but it's really nice for me to have that option to be able to go and have that option to be able to go and have that option to be able to go and see its full train of thought, see what see its full train of thought, see what see its full train of thought, see what commands it's running on the sandbox, commands it's running on the sandbox, commands it's running on the sandbox, etc. So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams and I want to make sure that I at least and I want to make sure that I at least and I want to make sure that I at least mention that. Uh, one of the things that mention that. Uh, one of the things that mention that. Uh, one of the things that I've been really enjoying since we I've been really enjoying since we I've been really enjoying since we released uh these new integrations in released uh these new integrations in released uh these new integrations in the last few weeks is that inside the last few weeks is that inside the last few weeks is that inside Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in meetings and that's been a really fun meetings and that's been a really fun meetings and that's been a really fun use case. Specifically, as we're like use case. Specifically, as we're like
[01:33:53] use case. Specifically, as we're like talking about status updates, we just talking about status updates, we just talking about status updates, we just add the GitHub agent to our teams add the GitHub agent to our teams add the GitHub agent to our teams meetings and then we're creating issues. meetings and then we're creating issues. meetings and then we're creating issues. we are like you know saying hey GitHub we are like you know saying hey GitHub we are like you know saying hey GitHub go investigate this problem that we are go investigate this problem that we are go investigate this problem that we are hearing about in this meeting. I've also hearing about in this meeting. I've also hearing about in this meeting. I've also been doing it uh with some of our been doing it uh with some of our been doing it uh with some of our customers just to like be able to show customers just to like be able to show customers just to like be able to show them how the integration works and how them how the integration works and how them how the integration works and how they should leverage it. And it's been a they should leverage it. And it's been a they should leverage it. And it's been a very fun like direct demo to be like hey very fun like direct demo to be like hey very fun like direct demo to be like hey look we can I can show you right here look we can I can show you right here look we can I can show you right here for this open source repo like the for this open source repo like the for this open source repo like the copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the
[01:34:23] copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the major changes are and that all happens major changes are and that all happens major changes are and that all happens inside of this team's meeting. Uh so inside of this team's meeting. Uh so inside of this team's meeting. Uh so that's been a really cool surface for us that's been a really cool surface for us that's been a really cool surface for us to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods have blessed us and just in time we have blessed us and just in time we have blessed us and just in time we have this rendering of the history class this rendering of the history class this rendering of the history class history and you can see that the history and you can see that the history and you can see that the model has made some creative sales pitch model has made some creative sales pitch model has made some creative sales pitch here around every class leaves a mark. here around every class leaves a mark. here around every class leaves a mark. Um but it's showing over time kind of Um but it's showing over time kind of Um but it's showing over time kind of like the history of what classes um like the history of what classes um like the history of what classes um where like you know yoga, pilates, where like you know yoga, pilates, where like you know yoga, pilates, cycling, and strength are called out. Um cycling, and strength are called out. Um
[01:34:53] cycling, and strength are called out. Um this is like kind of what I had in mind. this is like kind of what I had in mind. this is like kind of what I had in mind. I think we could definitely iterate on I think we could definitely iterate on I think we could definitely iterate on it. This fake data looks very fake, but it. This fake data looks very fake, but it. This fake data looks very fake, but uh that's not what the demo is about. uh that's not what the demo is about. uh that's not what the demo is about. The demo is about showing you how The demo is about showing you how The demo is about showing you how powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in multiple surfaces and meeting you where multiple surfaces and meeting you where multiple surfaces and meeting you where you are. And so I think this timing you are. And so I think this timing you are. And so I think this timing worked out perfectly. I could not have worked out perfectly. I could not have worked out perfectly. I could not have planned it better where you can kind of planned it better where you can kind of planned it better where you can kind of see this endto-end flow and how fast it see this endto-end flow and how fast it see this endto-end flow and how fast it feels, how connected it is um to our feels, how connected it is um to our feels, how connected it is um to our existing github.com experience. Uh and I existing github.com experience. Uh and I existing github.com experience. Uh and I hope that you all try it out. I hope you hope that you all try it out. I hope you
[01:35:24] hope that you all try it out. I hope you give us lots of feedback. I'm available give us lots of feedback. I'm available give us lots of feedback. I'm available on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like share all of your sentiment using the share all of your sentiment using the share all of your sentiment using the thing. We're making it better every day. thing. We're making it better every day. thing. We're making it better every day. And, uh, hope that regardless what And, uh, hope that regardless what And, uh, hope that regardless what client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot that it's doing the job and you're that it's doing the job and you're that it's doing the job and you're loving the experience. So, with that loving the experience. So, with that loving the experience. So, with that said, I will hand it back to Burke. said, I will hand it back to Burke. said, I will hand it back to Burke. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, for a long time work happens in Teams
[01:35:54] for a long time work happens in Teams for a long time work happens in Teams and Slack and then you have to get that and Slack and then you have to get that and Slack and then you have to get that from there over to GitHub Copilot. from there over to GitHub Copilot. from there over to GitHub Copilot. There's a lot of context switching and There's a lot of context switching and There's a lot of context switching and the answer was well install an MCP the answer was well install an MCP the answer was well install an MCP server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub copilot so you can access Teams or Slack copilot so you can access Teams or Slack copilot so you can access Teams or Slack and now it's just in the place where and now it's just in the place where and now it's just in the place where you're already collaborating with other you're already collaborating with other you're already collaborating with other people. Um, and someone once said that people. Um, and someone once said that people. Um, and someone once said that some of these interfaces are perfect for some of these interfaces are perfect for some of these interfaces are perfect for inter for iterating with agents, and I inter for iterating with agents, and I inter for iterating with agents, and I tend to agree. Now, one of the things tend to agree. Now, one of the things
[01:36:24] tend to agree. Now, one of the things that we released this last week was the that we released this last week was the that we released this last week was the official Visual Studio Code documentary. official Visual Studio Code documentary. official Visual Studio Code documentary. This is a film that has been several This is a film that has been several This is a film that has been several years in the making. It started quite a years in the making. It started quite a years in the making. It started quite a while ago. It chronicles the entire while ago. It chronicles the entire while ago. It chronicles the entire story of Visual Studio Code, where it story of Visual Studio Code, where it story of Visual Studio Code, where it came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's fascinating. It's a fascinating story. fascinating. It's a fascinating story. fascinating. It's a fascinating story. It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot of twists and turns and we've got a of twists and turns and we've got a of twists and turns and we've got a trailer for you. Check it out. trailer for you. Check it out. trailer for you. Check it out. >> Something was happening in the developer >> Something was happening in the developer
[01:36:54] >> Something was happening in the developer world and that was because of the web. world and that was because of the web. world and that was because of the web. We knew that if we wanted to stay We knew that if we wanted to stay We knew that if we wanted to stay relevant with developers, we had to do relevant with developers, we had to do relevant with developers, we had to do something. >> So, our whole effort at that point was >> So, our whole effort at that point was >> So, our whole effort at that point was to try to build this editor to see if it to try to build this editor to see if it to try to build this editor to see if it could work in the browser and then go could work in the browser and then go could work in the browser and then go from there. Literally, they want to be from there. Literally, they want to be from there. Literally, they want to be able to go from their brain down their able to go from their brain down their able to go from their brain down their arms to their fingers without having to arms to their fingers without having to arms to their fingers without having to think. >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um interesting challenges. It would just interesting challenges. It would just interesting challenges. It would just crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. It would crash. It would crash. It would crash. >> The browser be a little bit early. You >> The browser be a little bit early. You >> The browser be a little bit early. You cannot just theorize. You don't become cannot just theorize. You don't become cannot just theorize. You don't become relevant with nice architecture relevant with nice architecture
[01:37:24] relevant with nice architecture diagrams. You become relevant when you diagrams. You become relevant when you diagrams. You become relevant when you have something to hand you can ship and have something to hand you can ship and have something to hand you can ship and you can demo. It was a showcase for you can demo. It was a showcase for you can demo. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for TypeScript. It was a showcase that a TypeScript. It was a showcase that a TypeScript. It was a showcase that a cross-platform app at that time 10 years cross-platform app at that time 10 years cross-platform app at that time 10 years ago could do the stuff that it did. But ago could do the stuff that it did. But ago could do the stuff that it did. But then co-pilot completions came. I think then co-pilot completions came. I think then co-pilot completions came. I think it marked a real transition for us from it marked a real transition for us from it marked a real transition for us from a mature market understanding what a mature market understanding what a mature market understanding what people want and need to they actually people want and need to they actually people want and need to they actually don't really know. don't really know.
