[01:37:54] don't really know. >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code documentary and also my college documentary and also my college documentary and also my college submission to a film festival. I'm going submission to a film festival. I'm going submission to a film festival. I'm going to be talking to you about BY and to be talking to you about BY and to be talking to you about BY and multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what does that even mean? Uh well, it's does that even mean? Uh well, it's does that even mean? Uh well, it's basically two kinds of freedom, right? basically two kinds of freedom, right? basically two kinds of freedom, right? Copilot, as you know, already provides Copilot, as you know, already provides Copilot, as you know, already provides multi- uh models, models from uh various multi- uh models, models from uh various multi- uh models, models from uh various different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic, different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic,
[01:38:24] different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic, etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get your models directly from a co-pilot your models directly from a co-pilot your models directly from a co-pilot subscription. We also support BY and subscription. We also support BY and subscription. We also support BY and that means bring your own key. So that means bring your own key. So that means bring your own key. So that means using the compute that you already means using the compute that you already means using the compute that you already have or if you're working inside of a have or if you're working inside of a have or if you're working inside of a private or air gap network uh that also private or air gap network uh that also private or air gap network uh that also works or if you run uh models locally on works or if you run uh models locally on works or if you run uh models locally on your machine, you can al also bring your machine, you can al also bring your machine, you can al also bring those in to the C-pilot uh agent those in to the C-pilot uh agent those in to the C-pilot uh agent harness. Uh but that's not the only bit harness. Uh but that's not the only bit harness. Uh but that's not the only bit of flexibility that we have in VS Code of flexibility that we have in VS Code of flexibility that we have in VS Code and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code
[01:38:54] and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code itself, you have uh you have an agent itself, you have uh you have an agent itself, you have uh you have an agent choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as our as our default agent. Uh we think our as our default agent. Uh we think our as our default agent. Uh we think it's pretty great. Uh but if you also it's pretty great. Uh but if you also it's pretty great. Uh but if you also want to try out some other harnesses, want to try out some other harnesses, want to try out some other harnesses, we've got Claude and Codeex available we've got Claude and Codeex available we've got Claude and Codeex available for you to try out. Uh so you can keep for you to try out. Uh so you can keep for you to try out. Uh so you can keep using the tools that feel natural to using the tools that feel natural to using the tools that feel natural to you. uh and you have one UI, one place you. uh and you have one UI, one place you. uh and you have one UI, one place uh to interact with those agents, and uh to interact with those agents, and uh to interact with those agents, and that's VS Code. So, what does any of that's VS Code. So, what does any of that's VS Code. So, what does any of that mean? I feel like I just need to that mean? I feel like I just need to
[01:39:24] that mean? I feel like I just need to show you a demo. And so, let me tell you show you a demo. And so, let me tell you show you a demo. And so, let me tell you what I'm going to show you. So, we've what I'm going to show you. So, we've what I'm going to show you. So, we've got three different harnesses. We got three different harnesses. We got three different harnesses. We got Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like how these things uh can be integrated how these things uh can be integrated how these things uh can be integrated with not only Copilot as the model with not only Copilot as the model with not only Copilot as the model provider, but other providers as well. provider, but other providers as well. provider, but other providers as well. So copilot uh copilot harness is going So copilot uh copilot harness is going So copilot uh copilot harness is going to use bio uh via open router. So I'm to use bio uh via open router. So I'm to use bio uh via open router. So I'm going to provide an open router API key going to provide an open router API key going to provide an open router API key and we'll get models from that and use and we'll get models from that and use and we'll get models from that and use that in the copilot harness. Our claude that in the copilot harness. Our claude
[01:39:55] that in the copilot harness. Our claude agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an anthropic API key. Um and then the anthropic API key. Um and then the anthropic API key. Um and then the codeex uh agent harness is going to codeex uh agent harness is going to codeex uh agent harness is going to actually have chatpt signin. In other actually have chatpt signin. In other actually have chatpt signin. In other words, a catchp subscription to use uh words, a catchp subscription to use uh words, a catchp subscription to use uh in the codeex in the codeex agent inside in the codeex in the codeex agent inside in the codeex in the codeex agent inside of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but I've got six minutes to do it. And so, I've got six minutes to do it. And so, I've got six minutes to do it. And so, let's just go ahead and get started. I'm let's just go ahead and get started. I'm let's just go ahead and get started. I'm going to hit uh click to get that going to hit uh click to get that going to hit uh click to get that going. All right, so VS Code, you know going. All right, so VS Code, you know
[01:40:25] going. All right, so VS Code, you know it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going to do this demo from inside of the to do this demo from inside of the to do this demo from inside of the agents window, which you can get at the agents window, which you can get at the agents window, which you can get at the very top of the editor window. We can very top of the editor window. We can very top of the editor window. We can open an agents window. This is our like open an agents window. This is our like open an agents window. This is our like kind of uh top level view of all of your kind of uh top level view of all of your kind of uh top level view of all of your agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, when you get here, you can see that I'm when you get here, you can see that I'm when you get here, you can see that I'm not actually signed in with GitHub or a not actually signed in with GitHub or a not actually signed in with GitHub or a co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I need to add models. Now, I could sign in need to add models. Now, I could sign in need to add models. Now, I could sign in and get my C-pilot subscription, but and get my C-pilot subscription, but and get my C-pilot subscription, but that's not what this talk is about yet. that's not what this talk is about yet. that's not what this talk is about yet. I want to actually add models through a I want to actually add models through a
[01:40:56] I want to actually add models through a different mechanism. So, I'm going to different mechanism. So, I'm going to different mechanism. So, I'm going to add models, and I'm going to go to open add models, and I'm going to go to open add models, and I'm going to go to open router, and I'm going to tab over, copy router, and I'm going to tab over, copy router, and I'm going to tab over, copy my open router API key, my open router API key, my open router API key, JK, and put that here. And you can see JK, and put that here. And you can see JK, and put that here. And you can see that brings in just a ton of models that brings in just a ton of models that brings in just a ton of models here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going to hide all of those because I really to hide all of those because I really to hide all of those because I really don't want to be overwhelmed with how don't want to be overwhelmed with how don't want to be overwhelmed with how many models they have. And then we're many models they have. And then we're many models they have. And then we're going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there I can go to the model picker in there I can go to the model picker in there I can go to the model picker in the agent harness uh in the agents the agent harness uh in the agents
[01:41:28] the agent harness uh in the agents window here and I can say uh what kind window here and I can say uh what kind window here and I can say uh what kind of uh who are you of uh who are you of uh who are you and what tools do you have? Now what's important to note is that Now what's important to note is that like the copilot agent, the claude agent like the copilot agent, the claude agent like the copilot agent, the claude agent and the codeex agent, they all bring and the codeex agent, they all bring and the codeex agent, they all bring their own prompts and they bring their own prompts and they bring their own prompts and they bring their own tools as well. So uh they're going own tools as well. So uh they're going own tools as well. So uh they're going to function differently. Uh but that is to function differently. Uh but that is to function differently. Uh but that is the beauty of being able to try all of the beauty of being able to try all of the beauty of being able to try all of them right within VS Code. So this one them right within VS Code. So this one them right within VS Code. So this one says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in
[01:41:59] says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a new chat. Hit the agent harness drop new chat. Hit the agent harness drop new chat. Hit the agent harness drop down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've already hooked up a Claude API key uh already hooked up a Claude API key uh already hooked up a Claude API key uh this way. And you can see uh in my this way. And you can see uh in my this way. And you can see uh in my claude settings file here, I'm using uh claude settings file here, I'm using uh claude settings file here, I'm using uh this API key helper here so I don't uh this API key helper here so I don't uh this API key helper here so I don't uh leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so then I'm going to ask Claude the same then I'm going to ask Claude the same then I'm going to ask Claude the same question as before again using Haiku question as before again using Haiku question as before again using Haiku because I only got six minutes to go because I only got six minutes to go because I only got six minutes to go through this demo. And you can see that through this demo. And you can see that
[01:42:29] through this demo. And you can see that Claude says that it's Claude obviously Claude says that it's Claude obviously Claude says that it's Claude obviously and uh and tools that it has. Uh and uh and tools that it has. Uh and uh and tools that it has. Uh and then finally I wanted to show you codeex then finally I wanted to show you codeex then finally I wanted to show you codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex you've got the option of course to sign you've got the option of course to sign you've got the option of course to sign into GitHub. We'll cover that in a into GitHub. We'll cover that in a into GitHub. We'll cover that in a second. Uh but you can sign in with your second. Uh but you can sign in with your second. Uh but you can sign in with your chatpt subscription as well. So I will chatpt subscription as well. So I will chatpt subscription as well. So I will uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription, right? The the one that subscription, right? The the one that subscription, right? The the one that like so many people have uh and I'm like so many people have uh and I'm like so many people have uh and I'm going to go to my phone in order to get going to go to my phone in order to get going to go to my phone in order to get a code uh because that's the only way to a code uh because that's the only way to
[01:43:00] a code uh because that's the only way to log into things these days. Uh great. Cool. great. Cool. And then uh we'll be signed in here in a And then uh we'll be signed in here in a And then uh we'll be signed in here in a second. Now I have to enter a phone second. Now I have to enter a phone second. Now I have to enter a phone number. This is not right. number. This is not right. number. This is not right. Let me sign in with a different account. Let me sign in with a different account. Let me sign in with a different account. Yeah, I know I have another account Yeah, I know I have another account Yeah, I know I have another account here. I know you wanted to spend so much time I know you wanted to spend so much time I know you wanted to spend so much time just watching me sign into uh to a just watching me sign into uh to a just watching me sign into uh to a screen here. All right, one more code. I screen here. All right, one more code. I
[01:43:32] screen here. All right, one more code. I promise. Great. All right. Also a phone number. That's crazy. This Also a phone number. That's crazy. This didn't happen when I was doing the demo didn't happen when I was doing the demo didn't happen when I was doing the demo earlier. I'm going to give myself 30 seconds to
[01:44:07] I'm going to give myself 30 seconds to put this code in. Talk about uh security here from OpenAI, Talk about uh security here from OpenAI, huh? It's pretty good. All right, huh? It's pretty good. All right, huh? It's pretty good. All right, great. Here we go. So now we're signed into codeex and uh I So now we're signed into codeex and uh I can say can say can say the same prompt to uh to Luna here and the same prompt to uh to Luna here and
[01:44:39] the same prompt to uh to Luna here and we see that we have the codeex uh we see that we have the codeex uh we see that we have the codeex uh harness as well. And so I'm signed in harness as well. And so I'm signed in harness as well. And so I'm signed in with my chatbt uh free skew. So last with my chatbt uh free skew. So last with my chatbt uh free skew. So last thing I wanted to show here is that I thing I wanted to show here is that I thing I wanted to show here is that I can also sign into my co-pilot can also sign into my co-pilot can also sign into my co-pilot subscription. So I'll go ahead and do subscription. So I'll go ahead and do subscription. So I'll go ahead and do that hopefully without having to uh put that hopefully without having to uh put that hopefully without having to uh put in a bunch of random stuff. in a bunch of random stuff. in a bunch of random stuff. Um, great. So fast. We love to see it. And great. So fast. We love to see it. And great. So fast. We love to see it. And uh, with this, I'm now signing with my uh, with this, I'm now signing with my uh, with this, I'm now signing with my co-pilot subscription. And one of the co-pilot subscription. And one of the co-pilot subscription. And one of the benefits of the co-pilot subscription is benefits of the co-pilot subscription is
[01:45:10] benefits of the co-pilot subscription is that I can actually like I can interact that I can actually like I can interact that I can actually like I can interact with all of these harnesses through my with all of these harnesses through my with all of these harnesses through my co-pilot subscription. So, I get access co-pilot subscription. So, I get access co-pilot subscription. So, I get access to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now using uh using uh using uh using Luna from my co-pilot using Luna from my co-pilot using Luna from my co-pilot subscription. And also you can see subscription. And also you can see subscription. And also you can see there's a section for uh co-pilot here there's a section for uh co-pilot here there's a section for uh co-pilot here uh in claude and also in of course uh in claude and also in of course uh in claude and also in of course uh copilot right so I can use all of these copilot right so I can use all of these copilot right so I can use all of these harnesses with a co-pilot subscription harnesses with a co-pilot subscription
[01:45:41] harnesses with a co-pilot subscription and that's uh one thing that I think is and that's uh one thing that I think is and that's uh one thing that I think is really powerful about a copilot really powerful about a copilot really powerful about a copilot subscription is that you can you can subscription is that you can you can subscription is that you can you can actually play with all of these actually play with all of these actually play with all of these harnesses uh without having to uh have harnesses uh without having to uh have harnesses uh without having to uh have multiple subscriptions across different multiple subscriptions across different multiple subscriptions across different um different places. So, uh, all right. um different places. So, uh, all right. um different places. So, uh, all right. Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, uh, not so bad all things considered uh, not so bad all things considered uh, not so bad all things considered with the with text messages and whatnot. with the with text messages and whatnot. with the with text messages and whatnot. So, just to recap what you what you just So, just to recap what you what you just So, just to recap what you what you just saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, I first added an open router API key uh, I first added an open router API key uh,
[01:46:13] I first added an open router API key uh, showing that we have by uh, support in showing that we have by uh, support in showing that we have by uh, support in the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud agent we added uh an anthropic API key agent we added uh an anthropic API key agent we added uh an anthropic API key and used uh anthropic uh API key compute and used uh anthropic uh API key compute and used uh anthropic uh API key compute through the cloud agent. And in the through the cloud agent. And in the through the cloud agent. And in the codeex agent we added a chatp codeex agent we added a chatp codeex agent we added a chatp subscription to sign in and use the subscription to sign in and use the subscription to sign in and use the codeex agent. Now of course you can codeex agent. Now of course you can codeex agent. Now of course you can configure all three of those agents with configure all three of those agents with configure all three of those agents with their own subscriptions and their own their own subscriptions and their own their own subscriptions and their own ways of getting models or you could keep ways of getting models or you could keep ways of getting models or you could keep it simple and just use a copilot it simple and just use a copilot it simple and just use a copilot subscription which would give you access subscription which would give you access subscription which would give you access to all of those all from within VS Code. to all of those all from within VS Code.
[01:46:45] to all of those all from within VS Code. So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, uh, and have fun with, uh, with these uh, and have fun with, uh, with these uh, and have fun with, uh, with these different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all powered by something called, uh, agent powered by something called, uh, agent powered by something called, uh, agent host protocol, which my friend Patrick host protocol, which my friend Patrick host protocol, which my friend Patrick is going to tell you about in a little is going to tell you about in a little is going to tell you about in a little bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and Codeex are a couple of harnesses we Codeex are a couple of harnesses we Codeex are a couple of harnesses we support today. Uh, we're thinking about support today. Uh, we're thinking about support today. Uh, we're thinking about expanding those to harnesses beyond expanding those to harnesses beyond expanding those to harnesses beyond those uh, those two uh, third party those uh, those two uh, third party those uh, those two uh, third party harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look at this space. It's it's really fun, at this space. It's it's really fun,
[01:47:16] at this space. It's it's really fun, really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh that's actually uh all I have to say. that's actually uh all I have to say. that's actually uh all I have to say. Um my demo actually was a lot faster Um my demo actually was a lot faster Um my demo actually was a lot faster than before. So um sweet. than before. So um sweet. than before. So um sweet. I guess I will just pass it on over to I guess I will just pass it on over to I guess I will just pass it on over to the next segment, which is a very cool the next segment, which is a very cool the next segment, which is a very cool video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you have a fleet of agents ready to help you have a fleet of agents ready to help you have a fleet of agents ready to help you plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. Now, for the longest time, agent Now, for the longest time, agent Now, for the longest time, agent sessions have been tied to the window sessions have been tied to the window sessions have been tied to the window that started them. But the team thought that started them. But the team thought
[01:47:46] that started them. But the team thought to themselves, "What if your agents to themselves, "What if your agents to themselves, "What if your agents could keep running after you close the could keep running after you close the could keep running after you close the folder? What if you could pick them up folder? What if you could pick them up folder? What if you could pick them up on another machine or even on the web?" on another machine or even on the web?" on another machine or even on the web?" The agent host capabilities in VS Code The agent host capabilities in VS Code The agent host capabilities in VS Code brings you all of this and more, brings you all of this and more, brings you all of this and more, enabling the ability to run sessions on enabling the ability to run sessions on enabling the ability to run sessions on their own dedicated process. So, it's their own dedicated process. So, it's their own dedicated process. So, it's not tied to any window, any client, or not tied to any window, any client, or not tied to any window, any client, or any machine. The session is still any machine. The session is still any machine. The session is still running. It didn't miss a beat because running. It didn't miss a beat because running. It didn't miss a beat because the session lives in the host process. the session lives in the host process. the session lives in the host process. Now, when I'm working across multiple Now, when I'm working across multiple
