[01:48:16] Now, when I'm working across multiple sessions and projects, I live in the sessions and projects, I live in the sessions and projects, I live in the agents window. So, let's open that up. agents window. So, let's open that up. agents window. So, let's open that up. And there it is, the exact same live And there it is, the exact same live And there it is, the exact same live session. It's not a copy. So, no matter session. It's not a copy. So, no matter session. It's not a copy. So, no matter where I'm working, the session is there where I'm working, the session is there where I'm working, the session is there for me. With agent host, you can take for me. With agent host, you can take for me. With agent host, you can take your sessions wherever you go. And from your sessions wherever you go. And from your sessions wherever you go. And from here, I can connect to my agent host here, I can connect to my agent host here, I can connect to my agent host machine and see the same exact sessions machine and see the same exact sessions machine and see the same exact sessions all still running. all still running. all still running. >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the GitHub copilot team. I specifically work GitHub copilot team. I specifically work GitHub copilot team. I specifically work on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which gives me an ability to work across many gives me an ability to work across many
[01:48:47] gives me an ability to work across many surfaces and accomplish many tasks surfaces and accomplish many tasks surfaces and accomplish many tasks related to the needs that agents are related to the needs that agents are related to the needs that agents are supposed to live up to and be supposed to live up to and be supposed to live up to and be responsible for in the future as we make responsible for in the future as we make responsible for in the future as we make this transition to this exciting new this transition to this exciting new this transition to this exciting new world. Before I dive into the core world. Before I dive into the core world. Before I dive into the core topic which is the agent host protocol, topic which is the agent host protocol, topic which is the agent host protocol, I want to touch a little bit on the I want to touch a little bit on the I want to touch a little bit on the copilot SDK and how it relates to agent copilot SDK and how it relates to agent copilot SDK and how it relates to agent host protocol in particular and some of host protocol in particular and some of host protocol in particular and some of the investments that we're making over the investments that we're making over the investments that we're making over here at GitHub and some of the exciting here at GitHub and some of the exciting here at GitHub and some of the exciting new features that will be landing in the new features that will be landing in the new features that will be landing in the coming months here. For context, the coming months here. For context, the coming months here. For context, the GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's
[01:49:19] edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's used within GitHub. It's also used within GitHub. It's also used within GitHub. It's also used across Microsoft such as the office across Microsoft such as the office across Microsoft such as the office products to power the new agent mode products to power the new agent mode products to power the new agent mode capabilities that exist in those capabilities that exist in those capabilities that exist in those services as well. Uh when you think services as well. Uh when you think services as well. Uh when you think about the actual runtime, uh it's highly about the actual runtime, uh it's highly about the actual runtime, uh it's highly portable. It's designed to run in a portable. It's designed to run in a portable. It's designed to run in a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different constraints are whole host of different constraints are whole host of different constraints are able to be applied to it. Just looking able to be applied to it. Just looking able to be applied to it. Just looking at the basic setup guides, you can see at the basic setup guides, you can see at the basic setup guides, you can see how diverse the actual environments how diverse the actual environments how diverse the actual environments are that you can stick the runtime in are that you can stick the runtime in are that you can stick the runtime in today and then you know what additional today and then you know what additional today and then you know what additional problems start surfacing after that problems start surfacing after that
[01:49:50] problems start surfacing after that point. Um the runtime can be actually point. Um the runtime can be actually point. Um the runtime can be actually baked on your local machine as a local baked on your local machine as a local baked on your local machine as a local personal productivity application can be personal productivity application can be personal productivity application can be hosted in a managed service in the cloud hosted in a managed service in the cloud hosted in a managed service in the cloud can be run in process and other can be run in process and other can be run in process and other applications. Um, we've recently made applications. Um, we've recently made applications. Um, we've recently made some improvements to our runtime that some improvements to our runtime that some improvements to our runtime that enable even more platforms that you can enable even more platforms that you can enable even more platforms that you can embed it in and run it on as well. Um, embed it in and run it on as well. Um, embed it in and run it on as well. Um, but agent host protocol comes in at a but agent host protocol comes in at a but agent host protocol comes in at a really important intersection between really important intersection between really important intersection between runtime capabilities and your ability to runtime capabilities and your ability to runtime capabilities and your ability to access that runtime wherever you are. access that runtime wherever you are. access that runtime wherever you are. And so something that the team has been And so something that the team has been
[01:50:20] And so something that the team has been excited to be working on since earlier excited to be working on since earlier excited to be working on since earlier this year, we call it the agent host this year, we call it the agent host this year, we call it the agent host protocol. uh which is essentially a protocol. uh which is essentially a protocol. uh which is essentially a definition for a protocol that can be definition for a protocol that can be definition for a protocol that can be wrapped around not just the GitHub wrapped around not just the GitHub wrapped around not just the GitHub copilot runtime uh but any runtime on copilot runtime uh but any runtime on copilot runtime uh but any runtime on the market today or any other agentic the market today or any other agentic the market today or any other agentic application. The core responsibility of application. The core responsibility of application. The core responsibility of the protocol is to make sure that we can the protocol is to make sure that we can the protocol is to make sure that we can meet users wherever they are. Um while meet users wherever they are. Um while meet users wherever they are. Um while your hosts might be running different your hosts might be running different your hosts might be running different runtimes at different points in time, runtimes at different points in time, runtimes at different points in time, your ability to access that host is more your ability to access that host is more your ability to access that host is more diverse than ever. uh we have laptops, diverse than ever. uh we have laptops,
[01:50:52] diverse than ever. uh we have laptops, we have phones, uh sometimes we will be we have phones, uh sometimes we will be we have phones, uh sometimes we will be introduced to new form factors like the introduced to new form factors like the introduced to new form factors like the Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think we're really preparing for a world where we're really preparing for a world where we're really preparing for a world where your agents can literally run anywhere. your agents can literally run anywhere. your agents can literally run anywhere. You can move them between locations and You can move them between locations and You can move them between locations and more importantly, no matter which form more importantly, no matter which form more importantly, no matter which form factor or device you have available to factor or device you have available to factor or device you have available to you, you have access to that agent as you, you have access to that agent as you, you have access to that agent as well. Uh, and so while we continue to well. Uh, and so while we continue to well. Uh, and so while we continue to bring these capabilities into places bring these capabilities into places bring these capabilities into places like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot runtime as well as our other developer runtime as well as our other developer runtime as well as our other developer services, we can already show off some services, we can already show off some
[01:51:22] services, we can already show off some of the directions that we're already of the directions that we're already of the directions that we're already heading and hopefully uh you'll be heading and hopefully uh you'll be heading and hopefully uh you'll be excited to see where we're leading excited to see where we're leading excited to see where we're leading to in the future. Uh, to actually show to in the future. Uh, to actually show to in the future. Uh, to actually show off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm going to use something that is very going to use something that is very going to use something that is very common in the developer circles. Uh, I common in the developer circles. Uh, I common in the developer circles. Uh, I think you'll find many of us have our think you'll find many of us have our think you'll find many of us have our own private little tail scale networks. own private little tail scale networks. own private little tail scale networks. uh where at home, you know, I'm running uh where at home, you know, I'm running uh where at home, you know, I'm running a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all times. Each run is running C-pilot times. Each run is running C-pilot times. Each run is running C-pilot agents uh as well as other agents too. agents uh as well as other agents too. agents uh as well as other agents too. Um but I'm always limited by the fact Um but I'm always limited by the fact Um but I'm always limited by the fact that I need to have a device connected that I need to have a device connected
[01:51:52] that I need to have a device connected to my tail scale network to even access to my tail scale network to even access to my tail scale network to even access those machines and really want to set those machines and really want to set those machines and really want to set the stage to break free of even that the stage to break free of even that the stage to break free of even that constraint in the new world. Uh so the constraint in the new world. Uh so the constraint in the new world. Uh so the first thing that I'll do is I'll first thing that I'll do is I'll first thing that I'll do is I'll actually just go ahead and log into my actually just go ahead and log into my actually just go ahead and log into my home .naz. At this point, uh, I think home .naz. At this point, uh, I think home .naz. At this point, uh, I think we're all going to end up with 80 terbte we're all going to end up with 80 terbte we're all going to end up with 80 terbte Naz at home, but this is my personal one Naz at home, but this is my personal one Naz at home, but this is my personal one that I use to host large files, all of that I use to host large files, all of that I use to host large files, all of the stuff, uh, my family likes to store the stuff, uh, my family likes to store the stuff, uh, my family likes to store and keep a nice archive of what's and keep a nice archive of what's and keep a nice archive of what's going on as well as do some coding work. going on as well as do some coding work. going on as well as do some coding work. Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients. Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients.
[01:52:23] Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients. Um, we have built one internally that Um, we have built one internally that Um, we have built one internally that we're using as a reference we're using as a reference we're using as a reference implementation to bring capabilities implementation to bring capabilities implementation to bring capabilities down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a little bit about how you can play with little bit about how you can play with little bit about how you can play with your own host in a little bit, but for your own host in a little bit, but for your own host in a little bit, but for now I'm going to use this one we call now I'm going to use this one we call now I'm going to use this one we call Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to spin up a service on any host. Um we spin up a service on any host. Um we spin up a service on any host. Um we can, as you can see in this argument can, as you can see in this argument can, as you can see in this argument here, open up a relay. We can define an here, open up a relay. We can define an here, open up a relay. We can define an environment name easily. So this is my environment name easily. So this is my environment name easily. So this is my home Linux machine. Um there's a home Linux machine. Um there's a home Linux machine. Um there's a workspace folder. So when you actually workspace folder. So when you actually workspace folder. So when you actually run the host, you know, what current run the host, you know, what current
[01:52:54] run the host, you know, what current working directory is it uh traditionally working directory is it uh traditionally working directory is it uh traditionally limited to? You can have more than one limited to? You can have more than one limited to? You can have more than one if you'd like to as well. and then what if you'd like to as well. and then what if you'd like to as well. and then what do you want to expose it on and do you want to expose it on and do you want to expose it on and what's the basic log output level. Um what's the basic log output level. Um what's the basic log output level. Um when you'll see the host spin up when you'll see the host spin up when you'll see the host spin up itself um what it does is it produces an itself um what it does is it produces an itself um what it does is it produces an environment identifier. We're just going environment identifier. We're just going environment identifier. We're just going to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the future we're going to make this even future we're going to make this even future we're going to make this even friendlier and easier to use. But for friendlier and easier to use. But for friendlier and easier to use. But for now the environment ID will be all that now the environment ID will be all that now the environment ID will be all that we need. And we now have a host running we need. And we now have a host running we need. And we now have a host running on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean much by itself. But when I actually come
[01:53:24] much by itself. But when I actually come much by itself. But when I actually come back to my local machine, which I'll do back to my local machine, which I'll do back to my local machine, which I'll do over here on this tab right here, I can over here on this tab right here, I can over here on this tab right here, I can actually just go right into the copilot actually just go right into the copilot actually just go right into the copilot CLI directly, which hopefully you all CLI directly, which hopefully you all CLI directly, which hopefully you all are very familiar with at this point. are very familiar with at this point. are very familiar with at this point. Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And then inside of uh upcoming builds, then inside of uh upcoming builds, then inside of uh upcoming builds, there's a slash AHP command. Um, what there's a slash AHP command. Um, what there's a slash AHP command. Um, what this allows you to do is connect to this allows you to do is connect to this allows you to do is connect to hosts. It allows you to see sessions hosts. It allows you to see sessions hosts. It allows you to see sessions across the hosts, restart them. Um across the hosts, restart them. Um across the hosts, restart them. Um there's a few other exciting features there's a few other exciting features
[01:53:54] there's a few other exciting features related to it as well, but to really related to it as well, but to really related to it as well, but to really show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm going to first do is just show you the going to first do is just show you the going to first do is just show you the host command. Um we are not attached to host command. Um we are not attached to host command. Um we are not attached to any host currently. The Copilot CLI any host currently. The Copilot CLI any host currently. The Copilot CLI hasn't been configured to be connected hasn't been configured to be connected hasn't been configured to be connected to one. But what I can do is run an AP to one. But what I can do is run an AP to one. But what I can do is run an AP cloud command. Give it the environment cloud command. Give it the environment cloud command. Give it the environment variable itself. And then if we flip variable itself. And then if we flip variable itself. And then if we flip back over to this AHP uh tab, we should back over to this AHP uh tab, we should back over to this AHP uh tab, we should see some connections coming in as well. see some connections coming in as well. see some connections coming in as well. Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged
[01:54:25] Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged essentially my local copilot CLI essentially my local copilot CLI essentially my local copilot CLI instance to the cloud uh through the instance to the cloud uh through the instance to the cloud uh through the cloud to my local machine which is the cloud to my local machine which is the cloud to my local machine which is the Linux box that's currently sitting at Linux box that's currently sitting at Linux box that's currently sitting at home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. You can see that we are connected You can see that we are connected You can see that we are connected externally through copilot D. You get externally through copilot D. You get externally through copilot D. You get protocol versions, environment ids, etc. protocol versions, environment ids, etc. protocol versions, environment ids, etc. Um, this is showing that not only am I Um, this is showing that not only am I Um, this is showing that not only am I able to run Copilot uh locally, but we able to run Copilot uh locally, but we able to run Copilot uh locally, but we are connected through uh my machine to are connected through uh my machine to are connected through uh my machine to my external home machine as well. If I my external home machine as well. If I
[01:54:55] my external home machine as well. If I want to actually use that instead, I can want to actually use that instead, I can want to actually use that instead, I can simply run a / ahp use command. This simply run a / ahp use command. This simply run a / ahp use command. This will allow me to connect directly to the will allow me to connect directly to the will allow me to connect directly to the machine and it will essentially uh machine and it will essentially uh machine and it will essentially uh enable me to create new sessions. It'll enable me to create new sessions. It'll enable me to create new sessions. It'll also allow me to attach, which I'll show also allow me to attach, which I'll show also allow me to attach, which I'll show you some of that fun flexibility in you some of that fun flexibility in you some of that fun flexibility in a second here. Uh if we want to start a second here. Uh if we want to start a second here. Uh if we want to start a new session uh we can just do / ahp new. new session uh we can just do / ahp new. new session uh we can just do / ahp new. This will uh update my interface to This will uh update my interface to This will uh update my interface to actually reflect the remote host actually reflect the remote host
[01:55:26] actually reflect the remote host instead. And so similar to the path that instead. And so similar to the path that instead. And so similar to the path that I showed you for my workspace folder. I showed you for my workspace folder. I showed you for my workspace folder. This is not actually anymore a directory This is not actually anymore a directory This is not actually anymore a directory on my local machine. This is actually on my local machine. This is actually on my local machine. This is actually spun up a runtime on my local Linux spun up a runtime on my local Linux spun up a runtime on my local Linux server at home. It's set the current server at home. It's set the current server at home. It's set the current working directory to the workspace working directory to the workspace working directory to the workspace folder that I'm running the AP host uh folder that I'm running the AP host uh folder that I'm running the AP host uh on directly and I can go ahead and on directly and I can go ahead and on directly and I can go ahead and interface with the agent directly on interface with the agent directly on interface with the agent directly on that machine. Um, one of the huge that machine. Um, one of the huge that machine. Um, one of the huge benefits of this again is that even benefits of this again is that even benefits of this again is that even though the runtime is running elsewhere, though the runtime is running elsewhere,
[01:55:57] though the runtime is running elsewhere, these really thin external clients, these really thin external clients, these really thin external clients, whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any other client you'd like to build, uh, other client you'd like to build, uh, other client you'd like to build, uh, that aligns with the protocol, can that aligns with the protocol, can that aligns with the protocol, can access this uh, interface, can connect access this uh, interface, can connect access this uh, interface, can connect to this system, and can actually drive to this system, and can actually drive to this system, and can actually drive the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't really just stop there. Uh some of the really just stop there. Uh some of the really just stop there. Uh some of the unique capabilities that come with unique capabilities that come with unique capabilities that come with something like this uh that represent a something like this uh that represent a something like this uh that represent a really nice addition to our remoting really nice addition to our remoting really nice addition to our remoting technology is you're able to attach technology is you're able to attach technology is you're able to attach multiple sessions at the same time. Um multiple sessions at the same time. Um
[01:56:29] multiple sessions at the same time. Um so if I go ahead and add the AP host so if I go ahead and add the AP host so if I go ahead and add the AP host onto this client as well. I run a onto this client as well. I run a onto this client as well. I run a different command to take a look at the different command to take a look at the different command to take a look at the sessions. Oops. helps if I add an S on the end. You'll helps if I add an S on the end. You'll helps if I add an S on the end. You'll see that there is an active session see that there is an active session see that there is an active session which is this E39. You'll see the which is this E39. You'll see the which is this E39. You'll see the oneplus one which matches my prompts oneplus one which matches my prompts oneplus one which matches my prompts showing that uh I can actually uh attach showing that uh I can actually uh attach showing that uh I can actually uh attach to that session directly. So if I use to that session directly. So if I use
[01:57:01] to that session directly. So if I use AHP attach AHP attach AHP attach we copy this identifier right here we copy this identifier right here we copy this identifier right here we should be able to bridge our sessions we should be able to bridge our sessions we should be able to bridge our sessions together. And if you've used our together. And if you've used our together. And if you've used our remoting technology before, uh, remoting technology before, uh, remoting technology before, uh, typically it was poll based. It was typically it was poll based. It was typically it was poll based. It was really forcing you into a situation really forcing you into a situation really forcing you into a situation where you could have one active client, where you could have one active client, where you could have one active client, uh, that could steer the session itself. uh, that could steer the session itself. uh, that could steer the session itself. Now you get, um, more advanced Now you get, um, more advanced Now you get, um, more advanced capabilities when it comes to real-time capabilities when it comes to real-time capabilities when it comes to real-time replayability. Um, you get advanced replayability. Um, you get advanced replayability. Um, you get advanced capabilities when it comes to the capabilities when it comes to the capabilities when it comes to the playback systems and how sessions can be playback systems and how sessions can be
[01:57:32] playback systems and how sessions can be portable across clients. And what this portable across clients. And what this portable across clients. And what this really translates to is you get live really translates to is you get live really translates to is you get live updates across clients as well. As you updates across clients as well. As you updates across clients as well. As you see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As soon as I hit enter, it can go to the soon as I hit enter, it can go to the soon as I hit enter, it can go to the other client too. You can see the other client too. You can see the other client too. You can see the response on both. Um, our core objective response on both. Um, our core objective response on both. Um, our core objective and goal is to make sure as you bridge and goal is to make sure as you bridge and goal is to make sure as you bridge new clients into the experience and take new clients into the experience and take new clients into the experience and take them out. Each one can participate in it them out. Each one can participate in it them out. Each one can participate in it to be the active driver. That way you to be the active driver. That way you to be the active driver. That way you can transition from your laptop to your can transition from your laptop to your can transition from your laptop to your phone, from your phone back to your phone, from your phone back to your phone, from your phone back to your laptop, from your work machine to your laptop, from your work machine to your laptop, from your work machine to your personal machine depending on the
[01:58:02] personal machine depending on the personal machine depending on the context in which you're operating in. context in which you're operating in. context in which you're operating in. But it all is made available using this But it all is made available using this But it all is made available using this new AP protocol again that we're new AP protocol again that we're new AP protocol again that we're embedding in our surfaces and we're also embedding in our surfaces and we're also embedding in our surfaces and we're also uh sharing publicly and diving deep uh sharing publicly and diving deep uh sharing publicly and diving deep looking for more ways to improve the looking for more ways to improve the looking for more ways to improve the offering and also add more runtime offering and also add more runtime offering and also add more runtime support as well. When you think about support as well. When you think about support as well. When you think about how this translates ultimately to the how this translates ultimately to the how this translates ultimately to the github.com experiences, one of the most github.com experiences, one of the most github.com experiences, one of the most exciting things personally uh to me is exciting things personally uh to me is exciting things personally uh to me is its integration into mission control. Um its integration into mission control. Um its integration into mission control. Um our copilot dervice which again we're our copilot dervice which again we're our copilot dervice which again we're looking to bring functionality directly looking to bring functionality directly
[01:58:32] looking to bring functionality directly into our runtime as well. Uh enables you into our runtime as well. Uh enables you into our runtime as well. Uh enables you to actually engage with these remote to actually engage with these remote to actually engage with these remote execution environments directly from execution environments directly from execution environments directly from mission control. And so while we look at mission control. And so while we look at mission control. And so while we look at IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit about the web. Um, for context, mission about the web. Um, for context, mission about the web. Um, for context, mission control is under control is under control is under github.com/copilot/agents. Uh, if you look at this main home Uh, if you look at this main home screen, uh, there are a few options that screen, uh, there are a few options that screen, uh, there are a few options that should be familiar to most uh, users should be familiar to most uh, users should be familiar to most uh, users that have uh, executed tasks on this that have uh, executed tasks on this that have uh, executed tasks on this screen. But ultimately the most exciting screen. But ultimately the most exciting
[01:59:03] screen. But ultimately the most exciting thing to me with AP is the fact that you thing to me with AP is the fact that you thing to me with AP is the fact that you can now bring environments into the can now bring environments into the can now bring environments into the custom dropdown for actions and execute custom dropdown for actions and execute custom dropdown for actions and execute new sessions on your own local machines, new sessions on your own local machines, new sessions on your own local machines, cloud machines, wherever they might be. cloud machines, wherever they might be. cloud machines, wherever they might be. As long as they run the right AP hosts, As long as they run the right AP hosts, As long as they run the right AP hosts, they connect back to mission control. It they connect back to mission control. It they connect back to mission control. It is now a new environment that you can is now a new environment that you can is now a new environment that you can execute on. So you're not constrained by execute on. So you're not constrained by execute on. So you're not constrained by running things in actions or running things in actions or running things in actions or running things in remote cloud environments. uh things in remote cloud environments. uh things in remote cloud environments. uh you can actually run these on your home you can actually run these on your home you can actually run these on your home machines as well to continue to bridge machines as well to continue to bridge machines as well to continue to bridge uh your agent network and define where uh your agent network and define where
[01:59:33] uh your agent network and define where you want to run agents most or where it you want to run agents most or where it you want to run agents most or where it benefits you based on your current benefits you based on your current benefits you based on your current scenario. So again, if we just simply scenario. So again, if we just simply scenario. So again, if we just simply hit a query here, uh it should actually hit a query here, uh it should actually hit a query here, uh it should actually route that down to my environment. route that down to my environment. route that down to my environment. You'll see a response. And again, this You'll see a response. And again, this You'll see a response. And again, this is all running off of github.com. It's is all running off of github.com. It's is all running off of github.com. It's running in my private network. And as we running in my private network. And as we running in my private network. And as we break free of all of our tail scale break free of all of our tail scale break free of all of our tail scale setups uh and remove that requirement, setups uh and remove that requirement, setups uh and remove that requirement, ultimately we'll find more flexibility ultimately we'll find more flexibility ultimately we'll find more flexibility and freedom to access your agents and freedom to access your agents and freedom to access your agents anywhere and again move them where you anywhere and again move them where you anywhere and again move them where you want to go as well. For more additional want to go as well. For more additional
[02:00:03] want to go as well. For more additional information, I I'll flash a few links on information, I I'll flash a few links on information, I I'll flash a few links on the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost protocol. We have a website with the protocol. We have a website with the protocol. We have a website with the protocol specifications available as protocol specifications available as protocol specifications available as well. Uh mission control is on there. well. Uh mission control is on there. well. Uh mission control is on there. And then in addition, if you like to And then in addition, if you like to And then in addition, if you like to play around with the host built into VS play around with the host built into VS play around with the host built into VS Code, uh I left a command code agent Code, uh I left a command code agent Code, uh I left a command code agent host there. You should be able to fire host there. You should be able to fire host there. You should be able to fire it up uh using the latest stable edition it up uh using the latest stable edition it up uh using the latest stable edition of VS Code. So you can start playing of VS Code. So you can start playing of VS Code. So you can start playing with your own host right away. Thank you with your own host right away. Thank you with your own host right away. Thank you all. >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose
[02:00:33] >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose your own adventure based on what matters your own adventure based on what matters your own adventure based on what matters to you. to you. to you. >> There's an emphasis on just a creative >> There's an emphasis on just a creative >> There's an emphasis on just a creative energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the perfect place to come to as a developer perfect place to come to as a developer perfect place to come to as a developer looking to advance in your career. It's looking to advance in your career. It's looking to advance in your career. It's all about getting to access the all about getting to access the all about getting to access the knowledge that is needed on your teams. knowledge that is needed on your teams. knowledge that is needed on your teams. There's so much more representation of There's so much more representation of There's so much more representation of things like open-source and general things like open-source and general things like open-source and general excitement around being in the developer excitement around being in the developer excitement around being in the developer community that I don't necessarily feel community that I don't necessarily feel community that I don't necessarily feel at other events I've been at. From the at other events I've been at. From the at other events I've been at. From the keynote alone, I feel like I have this keynote alone, I feel like I have this
[02:01:03] keynote alone, I feel like I have this step up because I got to see the new step up because I got to see the new step up because I got to see the new initiatives, the new features that initiatives, the new features that initiatives, the new features that GitHub is releasing. GitHub is releasing. GitHub is releasing. >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on what's happening across the broader what's happening across the broader what's happening across the broader industry. Universe is a great industry. Universe is a great industry. Universe is a great opportunity and a great place for people opportunity and a great place for people opportunity and a great place for people to come share those ideas and to come share those ideas and to come share those ideas and to collaborate with each other so that we collaborate with each other so that we collaborate with each other so that we can all grow as an engineering can all grow as an engineering can all grow as an engineering community. >> The relationships that you make at these >> The relationships that you make at these >> The relationships that you make at these events are going to pay dividends for events are going to pay dividends for events are going to pay dividends for the rest of your career. >> They're kicking us, bro. >> They're kicking us, bro. >> Hey, what's >> Hey, what's
[02:01:36] >> Hey, what's Burke? And I got caught a little off Burke? And I got caught a little off Burke? And I got caught a little off guard here. guard here. guard here. >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh what do we have like two hours here and what do we have like two hours here and what do we have like two hours here and we're gonna we're gonna build something. we're gonna we're gonna build something. we're gonna we're gonna build something. But the trouble with this is always But the trouble with this is always But the trouble with this is always >> like what do you build? >> like what do you build? >> like what do you build? >> It's always hard. I remember the first >> It's always hard. I remember the first >> It's always hard. I remember the first time we did this, we were like we need time we did this, we were like we need time we did this, we were like we need to have this, you know, crazy concept. to have this, you know, crazy concept. to have this, you know, crazy concept. It's going to take us all this time. We It's going to take us all this time. We It's going to take us all this time. We were done in like five minutes. were done in like five minutes. were done in like five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. So, and then the other thing is that So, and then the other thing is that So, and then the other thing is that no one's impressed anymore because you no one's impressed anymore because you no one's impressed anymore because you can just build anything. And so we I was can just build anything. And so we I was
[02:02:07] can just build anything. And so we I was we were thinking through this. We were we were thinking through this. We were we were thinking through this. We were like, well, like, well, like, well, >> like we need someone to build a killer >> like we need someone to build a killer >> like we need someone to build a killer demo that would that we could pick up demo that would that we could pick up demo that would that we could pick up and then build because we don't have any and then build because we don't have any and then build because we don't have any good ideas of our own. good ideas of our own. good ideas of our own. >> No, we don't. >> No, we don't. >> No, we don't. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> We do. >> We do. >> We do. >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to bring Wes Boss, bring Wes Boss, bring Wes Boss, who I widely consider to be the king of who I widely consider to be the king of who I widely consider to be the king of demos. >> King of demos for sure. >> King of demos for sure. >> King of demos for sure. >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off here. >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I
[02:02:39] >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I have so many ideas of things that I want have so many ideas of things that I want have so many ideas of things that I want to build and uh with all the latest to build and uh with all the latest to build and uh with all the latest models releasing. There's so many cool models releasing. There's so many cool models releasing. There's so many cool things that I can go. So, we're things that I can go. So, we're things that I can go. So, we're going to rip for what about 20 minutes going to rip for what about 20 minutes going to rip for what about 20 minutes and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass it off to you guys to sort of pick it up it off to you guys to sort of pick it up it off to you guys to sort of pick it up and keep going. and keep going. and keep going. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up everybody? My name is Wes. I everybody? My name is Wes. I everybody? My name is Wes. I am going to be doing some vibe coding am going to be doing some vibe coding am going to be doing some vibe coding for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20 for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20
[02:03:09] for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20 minutes not long enough for me because minutes not long enough for me because minutes not long enough for me because like I wanted to do something that was like I wanted to do something that was like I wanted to do something that was really cool. So yesterday obviously the really cool. So yesterday obviously the really cool. So yesterday obviously the iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I did is I collected all of the did is I collected all of the did is I collected all of the information about the iPhone Duo, right? information about the iPhone Duo, right? information about the iPhone Duo, right? like the width and the height and all like the width and the height and all like the width and the height and all the specs and um how thick it was. And the specs and um how thick it was. And the specs and um how thick it was. And then I took the uh Apple then I took the uh Apple then I took the uh Apple uh where they announced it and they had uh where they announced it and they had uh where they announced it and they had a couple photos of the internals and I a couple photos of the internals and I
[02:03:39] a couple photos of the internals and I took all of that and I plugged it into took all of that and I plugged it into took all of that and I plugged it into my co-pilot and I said like do not stop my co-pilot and I said like do not stop my co-pilot and I said like do not stop until you have a close enough or not until you have a close enough or not until you have a close enough or not perfect but very good 3D model of the perfect but very good 3D model of the perfect but very good 3D model of the iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it this thing ripped for like 3 hours this thing ripped for like 3 hours this thing ripped for like 3 hours and it went through like absolutely and it went through like absolutely and it went through like absolutely every single piece. And I don't know if every single piece. And I don't know if every single piece. And I don't know if this is actually what it looks like this is actually what it looks like this is actually what it looks like inside, but I it's pretty convincing to inside, but I it's pretty convincing to inside, but I it's pretty convincing to me. And it works really well. Um we me. And it works really well. Um we
[02:04:10] me. And it works really well. Um we can explode it. You can obviously fold can explode it. You can obviously fold can explode it. You can obviously fold it open and closed. Uh lots of features it open and closed. Uh lots of features it open and closed. Uh lots of features to that. So that was like my base of to that. So that was like my base of to that. So that was like my base of like what I wanted to build, right? Can like what I wanted to build, right? Can like what I wanted to build, right? Can I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought like I want to do a couple like I want to do a couple like I want to do a couple things. First of all, I love noling things. First of all, I love noling things. First of all, I love noling where is like where you put all the where is like where you put all the where is like where you put all the parts in like on like a grid, right? And parts in like on like a grid, right? And parts in like on like a grid, right? And these new models are just fantastic at these new models are just fantastic at these new models are just fantastic at creating these 3D immersive exploded creating these 3D immersive exploded
[02:04:41] creating these 3D immersive exploded experiences. Um, and then I want to experiences. Um, and then I want to experiences. Um, and then I want to say like there's this new API um called say like there's this new API um called say like there's this new API um called HTML and canvas is like can we then HTML and canvas is like can we then HTML and canvas is like can we then render JavaScript render JavaScript render JavaScript on the screen of the iPhone fold? I on the screen of the iPhone fold? I on the screen of the iPhone fold? I don't know but I'm willing to try. So don't know but I'm willing to try. So don't know but I'm willing to try. So let's get into it. So uh first prompt let's get into it. So uh first prompt let's get into it. So uh first prompt will be will be will be uh I want to add a feature to the null uh I want to add a feature to the null uh I want to add a feature to the null to the exploded view and I want to have to the exploded view and I want to have to the exploded view and I want to have a nulling setting. This is we'll take a nulling setting. This is we'll take a nulling setting. This is we'll take every single piece of the model and lay every single piece of the model and lay
[02:05:12] every single piece of the model and lay it out in a grid and perfectly align it out in a grid and perfectly align it out in a grid and perfectly align absolutely everything. absolutely everything. absolutely everything. And I'm going to go ahead and let that And I'm going to go ahead and let that And I'm going to go ahead and let that rip on there. While that's going, let's rip on there. While that's going, let's rip on there. While that's going, let's take a look at um kind of all the take a look at um kind of all the take a look at um kind of all the different pieces that we have here. All different pieces that we have here. All different pieces that we have here. All the different color display lithium ion. the different color display lithium ion. the different color display lithium ion. like that's very impressive that you that's very impressive that you that's very impressive that you can we can build this type of thing can we can build this type of thing can we can build this type of thing entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at the code, um it's just JavaScript on the code, um it's just JavaScript on
[02:05:43] the code, um it's just JavaScript on here, right? There's there's no like uh here, right? There's there's no like uh here, right? There's there's no like uh STLs or fusion models or anything STLs or fusion models or anything STLs or fusion models or anything like that. It's all just kind of being like that. It's all just kind of being like that. It's all just kind of being uh piped in which is really cool. Um the uh piped in which is really cool. Um the uh piped in which is really cool. Um the other thing you'll notice that I'm not other thing you'll notice that I'm not other thing you'll notice that I'm not using the built-in browser uh to GitHub using the built-in browser uh to GitHub using the built-in browser uh to GitHub Copilot right now. Um, and that's Copilot right now. Um, and that's Copilot right now. Um, and that's because I want to use a an experimental because I want to use a an experimental because I want to use a an experimental feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And HTML and canvas, what that allows you to HTML and canvas, what that allows you to HTML and canvas, what that allows you to do is you can take regular DOM elements do is you can take regular DOM elements
[02:06:14] do is you can take regular DOM elements and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas experience. So I think when we start experience. So I think when we start experience. So I think when we start working on some of the apps, what we working on some of the apps, what we working on some of the apps, what we want to do is have those rendered out to want to do is have those rendered out to want to do is have those rendered out to the DOM and then paint them into the DOM and then paint them into the DOM and then paint them into the actual device that we have here. actual device that we have here. actual device that we have here. So what do we got here? I'm adding a So what do we got here? I'm adding a So what do we got here? I'm adding a nulling toggle that lays out all model nulling toggle that lays out all model nulling toggle that lays out all model components and is non-over overlapping. components and is non-over overlapping. components and is non-over overlapping. Okay, let that sucker run. I'm also watching
[02:06:48] let that sucker run. I'm also watching the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas of things that we should add to this, of things that we should add to this, of things that we should add to this, definitely add them into the YouTube definitely add them into the YouTube definitely add them into the YouTube chat because I'll be popping those in chat because I'll be popping those in chat because I'll be popping those in there as well. Um, you know what I'm there as well. Um, you know what I'm there as well. Um, you know what I'm going to do while this is running? Let's going to do while this is running? Let's going to do while this is running? Let's just open up a second chat here just open up a second chat here just open up a second chat here and let's go ahead and let's start and let's go ahead and let's start and let's go ahead and let's start working on the software. Right. Um, working on the software. Right. Um, working on the software. Right. Um, I have the HTML and canvas skill that I have the HTML and canvas skill that I have the HTML and canvas skill that I wrote. So what I did is I took the wrote. So what I did is I took the
[02:07:20] wrote. So what I did is I took the documentation, the specification for the documentation, the specification for the documentation, the specification for the HTML and canvas spec and I had that HTML and canvas spec and I had that HTML and canvas spec and I had that converted into a skill and then I also converted into a skill and then I also converted into a skill and then I also have built like six or seven demos over have built like six or seven demos over have built like six or seven demos over the last couple months and I've taken the last couple months and I've taken the last couple months and I've taken those demos and distilled them down into those demos and distilled them down into those demos and distilled them down into the skill. So, I've got the skill there. the skill. So, I've got the skill there. the skill. So, I've got the skill there. I'm going to say, um, I'm going to say, um, I'm going to say, um, I want to be able to run actual apps and I want to be able to run actual apps and I want to be able to run actual apps and software on the iPhone fold. So, let's software on the iPhone fold. So, let's software on the iPhone fold. So, let's build some sort of structure where we build some sort of structure where we
[02:07:50] build some sort of structure where we can have a home screen with app icons can have a home screen with app icons can have a home screen with app icons and then I can open individual apps. Uh, and then I can open individual apps. Uh, and then I can open individual apps. Uh, let's start with a simple app which is let's start with a simple app which is let's start with a simple app which is the calculator. All right, let's this sucker rip. All right, let's this sucker rip. See how our explode view is going over See how our explode view is going over See how our explode view is going over here. Sorry, just reading the chat here.
