[00:08:41] everybody hey everybody hey give me back. Good morning and welcome to GitHub Good morning and welcome to GitHub Copilot Day. We are live here from the Copilot Day. We are live here from the Copilot Day. We are live here from the studios at Microsoft and we have an studios at Microsoft and we have an studios at Microsoft and we have an exciting day for you today. Thank you so exciting day for you today. Thank you so exciting day for you today. Thank you so much for being with us. We know that much for being with us. We know that
[00:09:11] much for being with us. We know that you're here from all around the world. you're here from all around the world. you're here from all around the world. It's all hours of the day, maybe even It's all hours of the day, maybe even It's all hours of the day, maybe even the middle of the night. We appreciate the middle of the night. We appreciate the middle of the night. We appreciate that. Thank you so much. Today is all that. Thank you so much. Today is all that. Thank you so much. Today is all about everything that's new in GitHub about everything that's new in GitHub about everything that's new in GitHub Copilot. So much has been added, things Copilot. So much has been added, things Copilot. So much has been added, things we're going to show you, not just today, we're going to show you, not just today, we're going to show you, not just today, but things that have been added in the but things that have been added in the but things that have been added in the past few weeks. And if you if you think past few weeks. And if you if you think past few weeks. And if you if you think you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust you've seen GitHub Copilot before, trust me, you haven't seen it. So, we're me, you haven't seen it. So, we're me, you haven't seen it. So, we're excited to be able to show you that excited to be able to show you that excited to be able to show you that today. We have an exciting agenda. We today. We have an exciting agenda. We today. We have an exciting agenda. We got two hours of live sessions followed got two hours of live sessions followed got two hours of live sessions followed by two hours of live coding where myself by two hours of live coding where myself
[00:09:42] by two hours of live coding where myself and Pierce are going to get together and Pierce are going to get together and Pierce are going to get together and uh do a little coding live for a couple uh do a little coding live for a couple uh do a little coding live for a couple of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of hours. Uh but we've got a lot of stuff throughout the day including some stuff throughout the day including some stuff throughout the day including some very special guests, but you'll have to very special guests, but you'll have to very special guests, but you'll have to stick around and uh see who those folks stick around and uh see who those folks stick around and uh see who those folks are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for are. Uh but uh that'll be a surprise for you. So again, we're glad you're here. you. So again, we're glad you're here. you. So again, we're glad you're here. Um that's what we've got planned for you Um that's what we've got planned for you Um that's what we've got planned for you today. It's going to be super exciting. today. It's going to be super exciting. today. It's going to be super exciting. We're so glad that you're here with us. We're so glad that you're here with us. We're so glad that you're here with us. And to get all of this started though, And to get all of this started though, And to get all of this started though, I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief
[00:10:14] I'd like to kick it over to Kyle C chief operating officer at GitHub. And by the operating officer at GitHub. And by the operating officer at GitHub. And by the way, uh GitHub representative on way, uh GitHub representative on way, uh GitHub representative on Twitter. If you're there, make sure that Twitter. If you're there, make sure that Twitter. If you're there, make sure that you reach out to him. He'd love to hear you reach out to him. He'd love to hear you reach out to him. He'd love to hear from you. But let's kick it over to him from you. But let's kick it over to him from you. But let's kick it over to him uh to get this whole thing started. And uh to get this whole thing started. And uh to get this whole thing started. And let's do it. Excited. Let's go. Hey everyone, I'm Kyle Dagel, the COO of Hey everyone, I'm Kyle Dagel, the COO of GitHub and the CMO of developer for GitHub and the CMO of developer for GitHub and the CMO of developer for Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever Microsoft. Welcome to our first ever GitHub co-pilot day. We created this GitHub co-pilot day. We created this
[00:10:44] GitHub co-pilot day. We created this event because honestly, we couldn't wait event because honestly, we couldn't wait event because honestly, we couldn't wait until GitHub Universe next month to show until GitHub Universe next month to show until GitHub Universe next month to show you all that we've been building. And you all that we've been building. And you all that we've been building. And while we don't just want to announce while we don't just want to announce while we don't just want to announce what's new and shiny, today we're going what's new and shiny, today we're going what's new and shiny, today we're going to put it to work and show you what's to put it to work and show you what's to put it to work and show you what's possible and hopefully give you a few possible and hopefully give you a few possible and hopefully give you a few ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is ideas to try yourself. So, if Copilot is already a part of your daily workflow, already a part of your daily workflow, already a part of your daily workflow, thank you for building with us. We think thank you for building with us. We think thank you for building with us. We think you'll see a few surprises today. And if you'll see a few surprises today. And if you'll see a few surprises today. And if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you're new to Copilot, or honestly, if you just haven't used it in a while, you just haven't used it in a while,
[00:11:15] you just haven't used it in a while, this is a great day to take another look this is a great day to take another look this is a great day to take another look and join us with the best version of and join us with the best version of and join us with the best version of GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this GitHub Copilot yet. If you're at this event, you already know software event, you already know software event, you already know software development is moving and changing development is moving and changing development is moving and changing incredibly fast. Since April, monthly incredibly fast. Since April, monthly incredibly fast. Since April, monthly commits on GitHub have more than doubled commits on GitHub have more than doubled commits on GitHub have more than doubled from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion from 1.4 billion commits to 2.9 billion commits a month. That's a lot more code. commits a month. That's a lot more code. commits a month. That's a lot more code. But more code alone isn't the goal. As But more code alone isn't the goal. As But more code alone isn't the goal. As agents take on more of the loop, the way agents take on more of the loop, the way
[00:11:46] agents take on more of the loop, the way we build shifts dramatically. A prompt we build shifts dramatically. A prompt we build shifts dramatically. A prompt becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes parallel work. A single agent becomes a coordinated system. And our becomes a coordinated system. And our becomes a coordinated system. And our time shifts from producing every line to time shifts from producing every line to time shifts from producing every line to shaping what gets built. That makes shaping what gets built. That makes shaping what gets built. That makes quality, security, trust, and cost more quality, security, trust, and cost more quality, security, trust, and cost more important, not less. Meeting that bar important, not less. Meeting that bar important, not less. Meeting that bar takes more than a powerful model. It takes more than a powerful model. It takes more than a powerful model. It takes the right system around it. takes the right system around it. takes the right system around it. Context, tools, checks, and a smart way Context, tools, checks, and a smart way Context, tools, checks, and a smart way to put every single model to work. And to put every single model to work. And
[00:12:18] to put every single model to work. And that last part is much harder than it that last part is much harder than it that last part is much harder than it sounds. A new model launches every week sounds. A new model launches every week sounds. A new model launches every week just about, and they've become a part of just about, and they've become a part of just about, and they've become a part of developer culture. We try them, we developer culture. We try them, we developer culture. We try them, we compare notes, and we debate our compare notes, and we debate our compare notes, and we debate our favorites. I do it, too. I did it all favorites. I do it, too. I did it all favorites. I do it, too. I did it all weekend. Then the practical questions weekend. Then the practical questions weekend. Then the practical questions arrive. Which model should I use for arrive. Which model should I use for arrive. Which model should I use for this? For which task? At what cost? And this? For which task? At what cost? And this? For which task? At what cost? And our time isn't unlimited and neither are our time isn't unlimited and neither are our time isn't unlimited and neither are our tokens. That's why this past week we our tokens. That's why this past week we our tokens. That's why this past week we announced hydrofusion in research announced hydrofusion in research
[00:12:48] announced hydrofusion in research preview. A new approach designed to take preview. A new approach designed to take preview. A new approach designed to take on those decisions for you. The idea is on those decisions for you. The idea is on those decisions for you. The idea is simple, even if the engineering around simple, even if the engineering around simple, even if the engineering around it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task it isn't. Hydrofusion looks at the task and decides whether to use one model and decides whether to use one model and decides whether to use one model directly. Start with an efficient model directly. Start with an efficient model directly. Start with an efficient model and escalate if needed or have one model and escalate if needed or have one model and escalate if needed or have one model draft while another critiques and draft while another critiques and draft while another critiques and improves the result. In offline evals improves the result. In offline evals improves the result. In offline evals with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion with terminal bench 2.1 Hydrofusion improved quality by 4.9 points while improved quality by 4.9 points while
[00:13:18] improved quality by 4.9 points while reducing estimated cost by 67% when reducing estimated cost by 67% when reducing estimated cost by 67% when compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk compared to Opus 5. You've heard us talk a lot about our commitment to model a lot about our commitment to model a lot about our commitment to model choice over the years and Hydrofusion is choice over the years and Hydrofusion is choice over the years and Hydrofusion is the next evolution of that. better the next evolution of that. better the next evolution of that. better quality, lower cost, and a lot less quality, lower cost, and a lot less quality, lower cost, and a lot less model shopping for you to do. Now, it's model shopping for you to do. Now, it's model shopping for you to do. Now, it's a research preview, so we're still a research preview, so we're still a research preview, so we're still learning, but the direction is clear. learning, but the direction is clear. learning, but the direction is clear. Better results shouldn't require more Better results shouldn't require more Better results shouldn't require more complexity or cost more for developers. complexity or cost more for developers.
[00:13:49] complexity or cost more for developers. Now, model orchestration is just one Now, model orchestration is just one Now, model orchestration is just one piece of the system. The shared runtime piece of the system. The shared runtime piece of the system. The shared runtime now powers the Copilot CLI and the now powers the Copilot CLI and the now powers the Copilot CLI and the GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, GitHub Copilot app. the Copilot SDK, that same runtime becomes a foundation that same runtime becomes a foundation that same runtime becomes a foundation for the tools and workflows that you for the tools and workflows that you for the tools and workflows that you build. And you can start with the agent build. And you can start with the agent build. And you can start with the agent infrastructure we use ourselves at infrastructure we use ourselves at infrastructure we use ourselves at GitHub, then shape it around your users GitHub, then shape it around your users GitHub, then shape it around your users and code bases and of course your way of and code bases and of course your way of and code bases and of course your way of working. And while agents can do more of working. And while agents can do more of working. And while agents can do more of the work, you still decide what ships. the work, you still decide what ships.
[00:14:21] the work, you still decide what ships. Now, I know you came to see what this Now, I know you came to see what this Now, I know you came to see what this changes in your workflow. So, let's get changes in your workflow. So, let's get changes in your workflow. So, let's get right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion right into it. We'll show Hydro Fusion routing real tasks, agent skills, making routing real tasks, agent skills, making routing real tasks, agent skills, making proven approaches reusable, and the proven approaches reusable, and the proven approaches reusable, and the GitHub copilot app coordinating across GitHub copilot app coordinating across GitHub copilot app coordinating across real repositories. Then we'll show how real repositories. Then we'll show how real repositories. Then we'll show how you can build on the same foundation you can build on the same foundation you can build on the same foundation with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many with the C-pilot SDK. I also know many of you came to watch Burke and Pierce of you came to watch Burke and Pierce of you came to watch Burke and Pierce code live. I did too. and everything code live. I did too. and everything code live. I did too. and everything before that will give them more powerful before that will give them more powerful
[00:14:53] before that will give them more powerful tools to build with and more interesting tools to build with and more interesting tools to build with and more interesting ways to code live with all of you. So, ways to code live with all of you. So, ways to code live with all of you. So, everybody wins. Look, your workflow has everybody wins. Look, your workflow has everybody wins. Look, your workflow has changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a changed and GitHub Copilot has changed a lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see lot, too. I'm so excited for you to see what we've been building. We've got a what we've been building. We've got a what we've been building. We've got a lot to cover today. So, let's go build >> I love that guy. >> I love that guy. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> He's awesome. I love Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Classic Kyle. Classic Kyle. >> Got to love him. I love those >> Got to love him. I love those >> Got to love him. I love those little dimples. It makes brings a smile little dimples. It makes brings a smile little dimples. It makes brings a smile to my face just watching him talk. I to my face just watching him talk. I
[00:15:24] to my face just watching him talk. I love it. I'm James Montag with me. love it. I'm James Montag with me. love it. I'm James Montag with me. Pierce Boen over here. Pierce Boen over here. Pierce Boen over here. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> And we're super jazzed just to be >> And we're super jazzed just to be >> And we're super jazzed just to be bringing you everything that Kyle just bringing you everything that Kyle just bringing you everything that Kyle just talked about. So, let's just honestly talked about. So, let's just honestly talked about. So, let's just honestly get right into it. Everything that get right into it. Everything that get right into it. Everything that Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, Kyle's been talking about is how GitHub, GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from GitHub Copilot, the amazing tools from Microsoft and our amazing partners are Microsoft and our amazing partners are Microsoft and our amazing partners are really help building an agentnative really help building an agentnative really help building an agentnative engineering system. Right. From idea to engineering system. Right. From idea to engineering system. Right. From idea to production to security to deployment and production to security to deployment and production to security to deployment and so much more in that entire iterative so much more in that entire iterative so much more in that entire iterative loop. Every single day, Piers, I am loop. Every single day, Piers, I am loop. Every single day, Piers, I am changing how I build software. What's changing how I build software. What's
[00:15:54] changing how I build software. What's unique is we used to wake up and say, unique is we used to wake up and say, unique is we used to wake up and say, "What bug am I going to start working "What bug am I going to start working "What bug am I going to start working on? What feature am I going to get 25% on? What feature am I going to get 25% on? What feature am I going to get 25% done today?" I wake up every day now and done today?" I wake up every day now and done today?" I wake up every day now and I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? I say, "How many bugs am I going to fix? How many features am I going to add? How many features am I going to add? How many features am I going to add? How much value do I get to add to my much value do I get to add to my much value do I get to add to my software for my customers?" That's software for my customers?" That's software for my customers?" That's really amazing. really amazing. really amazing. >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally >> Yeah, our jobs have fundamentally changed a lot in the last year, changed a lot in the last year, changed a lot in the last year, especially since the advent of agents, especially since the advent of agents, especially since the advent of agents, definitely since the beginning of AI. definitely since the beginning of AI. definitely since the beginning of AI. And it's awesome that, you know, not And it's awesome that, you know, not And it's awesome that, you know, not only can I use something like GitHub only can I use something like GitHub only can I use something like GitHub Copilot to do these things faster, but I Copilot to do these things faster, but I
[00:16:25] Copilot to do these things faster, but I have that entire end to end where I can have that entire end to end where I can have that entire end to end where I can start with an issue, I can complete, you start with an issue, I can complete, you start with an issue, I can complete, you know, fixing that bug with GitHub know, fixing that bug with GitHub know, fixing that bug with GitHub Copilot, I can deliver that software all Copilot, I can deliver that software all Copilot, I can deliver that software all with the same platform. Like pretty with the same platform. Like pretty with the same platform. Like pretty amazing that that's all in one. amazing that that's all in one. amazing that that's all in one. >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is >> And like honestly, GitHub Copilot is everywhere, right? everything that Kyle everywhere, right? everything that Kyle everywhere, right? everything that Kyle talked about from the app to the CLI to talked about from the app to the CLI to talked about from the app to the CLI to the SDK enabling you to build your own the SDK enabling you to build your own the SDK enabling you to build your own agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agents leveraging the GitHub copilot agent harness but the deep integrations agent harness but the deep integrations agent harness but the deep integrations VS Code teams slack that we're going VS Code teams slack that we're going VS Code teams slack that we're going to talk about and our amazing to talk about and our amazing to talk about and our amazing integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim
[00:16:57] integrations into Xcode Intelligj neovim and integrations with raycast and so and integrations with raycast and so and integrations with raycast and so many more places where you can use your many more places where you can use your many more places where you can use your copilot subscription and what's crazy is copilot subscription and what's crazy is copilot subscription and what's crazy is that these are all iterating and moving that these are all iterating and moving that these are all iterating and moving so fast and honestly the team has been so fast and honestly the team has been so fast and honestly the team has been cooking if my slides will progress. cooking if my slides will progress. cooking if my slides will progress. Let's see. Uh oh, Let's see. Uh oh, Let's see. Uh oh, we threw these slides earlier, right? we threw these slides earlier, right? we threw these slides earlier, right? Oh. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, there we go. >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, >> Oh, when PowerPoint goes. Okay, PowerPoint. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Okay, let's go ahead and open this up. Oh, there we go. Nice little driver Oh, there we go. Nice little driver Oh, there we go. Nice little driver issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back. issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back.
[00:17:27] issue. Perfect. We're good. Coming back. We'll switch back to us really quick. We'll switch back to us really quick. We'll switch back to us really quick. Perfect. All right. And I'm right back Perfect. All right. And I'm right back Perfect. All right. And I'm right back into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and into my slide deck. Let me go ahead and go into here. All right. And we're back go into here. All right. And we're back go into here. All right. And we're back because the team has been cooking. because the team has been cooking. because the team has been cooking. >> We have been. >> We have been. >> We have been. >> There we go. And shipping so many new >> There we go. And shipping so many new >> There we go. And shipping so many new features, uh, new models, enhancements, features, uh, new models, enhancements, features, uh, new models, enhancements, performance, everything every single performance, everything every single performance, everything every single day. Basically, when you wake up, brand day. Basically, when you wake up, brand day. Basically, when you wake up, brand new updates, ready to integrate, new updates, ready to integrate, new updates, ready to integrate, ready to cook. ready to cook. ready to cook. >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like, >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like,
[00:17:57] >> Yeah, we're moving super fast. Like, it's not just like hypothetical that AI it's not just like hypothetical that AI it's not just like hypothetical that AI is making us move faster. I see that is making us move faster. I see that is making us move faster. I see that every day on our product and engineering every day on our product and engineering every day on our product and engineering teams across all of our products that teams across all of our products that teams across all of our products that James just said. I know it's a lot to James just said. I know it's a lot to James just said. I know it's a lot to keep up with. And so we have the GitHub keep up with. And so we have the GitHub keep up with. And so we have the GitHub change log where you can follow all the change log where you can follow all the change log where you can follow all the latest news. So just keep an eye on that latest news. So just keep an eye on that latest news. So just keep an eye on that for what the team's been shipping. for what the team's been shipping. for what the team's been shipping. >> And let's get in the code and let's >> And let's get in the code and let's >> And let's get in the code and let's cook. >> Let's do it. >> Let's do it. >> Let's do it. >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh >> Okay. So I'm going to start over here uh directly in a place that maybe some of directly in a place that maybe some of directly in a place that maybe some of us are every single day either in Teams us are every single day either in Teams us are every single day either in Teams or Slack, some sort of channel. And or Slack, some sort of channel. And or Slack, some sort of channel. And actually I'm going to open this up. A actually I'm going to open this up. A actually I'm going to open this up. A little scary, but here I am inside of little scary, but here I am inside of
[00:18:29] little scary, but here I am inside of >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack >> nothing like sharing your actual Slack in a live stream. in a live stream. in a live stream. >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke >> It's real. Uh, so you, me, and Burke have been working on a little app we have been working on a little app we have been working on a little app we call three up, so we can kind of stay call three up, so we can kind of stay call three up, so we can kind of stay connected with each other. connected with each other. connected with each other. >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot >> And this is the GitHub co-pilot integration directly into Slack. And it integration directly into Slack. And it integration directly into Slack. And it looks like uh Burke's been switching up looks like uh Burke's been switching up looks like uh Burke's been switching up uh last night some new layouts here. I uh last night some new layouts here. I uh last night some new layouts here. I can take a look at what he's got cooking can take a look at what he's got cooking can take a look at what he's got cooking here. That looks really nice. It's a way here. That looks really nice. It's a way here. That looks really nice. It's a way for us to stay connected basically for us to stay connected basically for us to stay connected basically throughout the day. And we can see throughout the day. And we can see throughout the day. And we can see directly inside of there, we have these directly inside of there, we have these directly inside of there, we have these code channels. So you can add and code channels. So you can add and code channels. So you can add and connect your GitHub repository directly connect your GitHub repository directly
[00:19:00] connect your GitHub repository directly to it. Here it is, the three-up to it. Here it is, the three-up to it. Here it is, the three-up repository. It's on a branch. It has a repository. It's on a branch. It has a repository. It's on a branch. It has a PR already open. Uh, and it right here PR already open. Uh, and it right here PR already open. Uh, and it right here is using soul. Um, and if I tap over is using soul. Um, and if I tap over is using soul. Um, and if I tap over here on the artifacts, I can actually here on the artifacts, I can actually here on the artifacts, I can actually see a live preview of the running see a live preview of the running see a live preview of the running application. So, I can see that you and application. So, I can see that you and application. So, I can see that you and I have been committing some code and I have been committing some code and I have been committing some code and Burke >> classic doing. So, we can do our >> classic doing. So, we can do our >> classic doing. So, we can do our check-ins, everything like that. Now, check-ins, everything like that. Now, check-ins, everything like that. Now, this is live. So, I can say, hey, we this is live. So, I can say, hey, we this is live. So, I can say, hey, we forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and forgot to add Wes uh boss. add him and call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes
[00:19:34] call it forup. Uh, and his GitHub is Wes Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live Boss. He's gonna be with us coding live later today. later today. later today. >> How could we forget Wes? >> How could we forget Wes? >> How could we forget Wes? >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's >> You can't forget Wes. So, now what's going to happen here is that the agent going to happen here is that the agent going to happen here is that the agent is going to start to pick up the is going to start to pick up the is going to start to pick up the conversation that's in the loop. conversation that's in the loop. conversation that's in the loop. >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my >> And in fact, if I go over uh to my agent, we can actually see the exact agent, we can actually see the exact agent, we can actually see the exact agent session in real time, behind the agent session in real time, behind the agent session in real time, behind the scenes, if you will. Yep. scenes, if you will. Yep. scenes, if you will. Yep. >> So, we can see all those messages that >> So, we can see all those messages that >> So, we can see all those messages that Burke was posting directly here. We can Burke was posting directly here. We can Burke was posting directly here. We can see all the different calls that were see all the different calls that were see all the different calls that were going on along the way right there. going on along the way right there. going on along the way right there. Okay, we got some live mics possibly. Okay, we got some live mics possibly.
[00:20:04] Okay, we got some live mics possibly. So, we'll see. So, this will start to So, we'll see. So, this will start to So, we'll see. So, this will start to cook and then it'll start to update our cook and then it'll start to update our cook and then it'll start to update our live preview, which is super awesome. live preview, which is super awesome. live preview, which is super awesome. >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this >> Yeah. And I the thing I love about this integration is, you know, GitHub integration is, you know, GitHub integration is, you know, GitHub Copilot's coming in. You said it's where Copilot's coming in. You said it's where Copilot's coming in. You said it's where you work and for a lot of us like our you work and for a lot of us like our you work and for a lot of us like our collaboration tools, whether it's Slack collaboration tools, whether it's Slack collaboration tools, whether it's Slack or Teams, right? That is where we're or Teams, right? That is where we're or Teams, right? That is where we're having a lot of conversations. On the having a lot of conversations. On the having a lot of conversations. On the GitHub copilot app team, we have a GitHub copilot app team, we have a GitHub copilot app team, we have a channel. people just pop in and be like, channel. people just pop in and be like, channel. people just pop in and be like, "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm "Hey, I love this in the app. Yeah, I'm struggling with this. This is I'm struggling with this. This is I'm struggling with this. This is confusing. I have this bug." And like, confusing. I have this bug." And like, confusing. I have this bug." And like, you know, pre-Slack integration, we you know, pre-Slack integration, we you know, pre-Slack integration, we would copy pasta, write that into the would copy pasta, write that into the
[00:20:35] would copy pasta, write that into the copilot app, VS Code, something like copilot app, VS Code, something like copilot app, VS Code, something like that. >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where >> Now, immediately inside of Slack, where all that context is, they've already all that context is, they've already all that context is, they've already uploaded the log, some screenshots, a uploaded the log, some screenshots, a uploaded the log, some screenshots, a video. I just say, "Act GitHub, video. I just say, "Act GitHub, video. I just say, "Act GitHub, >> can you go investigate this? >> can you go investigate this? >> can you go investigate this? >> Propose a fix." >> Propose a fix." >> Propose a fix." >> There you go. And then it'll kick right >> There you go. And then it'll kick right >> There you go. And then it'll kick right in and it'll be good to go. in and it'll be good to go. in and it'll be good to go. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> All right. Now, let's go over and >> All right. Now, let's go over and >> All right. Now, let's go over and actually focus on one of the things that actually focus on one of the things that actually focus on one of the things that we've been and the team's been working we've been and the team's been working we've been and the team's been working really hard on is the GitHub copilot really hard on is the GitHub copilot really hard on is the GitHub copilot app. Yep. app. Yep. app. Yep. >> It's your hub for all things code really >> It's your hub for all things code really >> It's your hub for all things code really and all things copilot and all things and all things copilot and all things and all things copilot and all things GitHub. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> So, we actually start right here on the >> So, we actually start right here on the >> So, we actually start right here on the new tab. What do you want to build new tab. What do you want to build
[00:21:05] new tab. What do you want to build today? >> So, I figured I just kind of walk >> So, I figured I just kind of walk >> So, I figured I just kind of walk through a little bit here because through a little bit here because through a little bit here because there's a lot of different options here. there's a lot of different options here. there's a lot of different options here. First, you see on the lefth hand side, First, you see on the lefth hand side, First, you see on the lefth hand side, new work, automations, customizations, new work, automations, customizations, new work, automations, customizations, we'll get to it. and all my projects. we'll get to it. and all my projects. we'll get to it. and all my projects. These can be local folders, remote Git These can be local folders, remote Git These can be local folders, remote Git repositories, projects on GitHub, repositories, projects on GitHub, repositories, projects on GitHub, anything you want. So, I have been anything you want. So, I have been anything you want. So, I have been working on a bunch of things here and working on a bunch of things here and working on a bunch of things here and I'll actually show some of the active I'll actually show some of the active I'll actually show some of the active sessions I have going on. So, here I'm sessions I have going on. So, here I'm sessions I have going on. So, here I'm able to go in and pick what mode I want. able to go in and pick what mode I want. able to go in and pick what mode I want. Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I Interactive, plan, autopilot mode, and I have tool permission calls. You're in have tool permission calls. You're in
[00:21:36] have tool permission calls. You're in control. You can always ask, you can control. You can always ask, you can control. You can always ask, you can approve all. And there's the brand new approve all. And there's the brand new approve all. And there's the brand new assisted which is experimental but assisted which is experimental but assisted which is experimental but basically it automatically approves tool basically it automatically approves tool basically it automatically approves tool requests that pass an LLM safety check. requests that pass an LLM safety check. requests that pass an LLM safety check. So like if you want to do like a mpm So like if you want to do like a mpm So like if you want to do like a mpm lint like that's probably going to be lint like that's probably going to be lint like that's probably going to be pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll pretty safe. You're good to go. It'll handle it for you. handle it for you. handle it for you. >> Also I want to call out there's a brand >> Also I want to call out there's a brand >> Also I want to call out there's a brand new just launched today new auto new just launched today new auto new just launched today new auto optimizations. So before you have auto optimizations. So before you have auto optimizations. So before you have auto mode which based on your prompt will mode which based on your prompt will mode which based on your prompt will pick a model for you at a nice little pick a model for you at a nice little pick a model for you at a nice little discount. You can now optimize it for discount. You can now optimize it for discount. You can now optimize it for your request. You can give it a little your request. You can give it a little
[00:22:06] your request. You can give it a little hint. So you can do it for efficiency, hint. So you can do it for efficiency, hint. So you can do it for efficiency, balanced or you can do intelligent and balanced or you can do intelligent and balanced or you can do intelligent and it'll pick different models based on it'll pick different models based on it'll pick different models based on your needs. Now of course we have all your needs. Now of course we have all your needs. Now of course we have all sorts of models right? So here we have sorts of models right? So here we have sorts of models right? So here we have all the different models from anthropic all the different models from anthropic all the different models from anthropic openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even openai MAI Gemini XAI and I've even connected my open router to actually get connected my open router to actually get connected my open router to actually get access to different Quen models too. I access to different Quen models too. I access to different Quen models too. I could even run them with O Lama or could even run them with O Lama or could even run them with O Lama or Foundry Local on my machine. You can see Foundry Local on my machine. You can see Foundry Local on my machine. You can see I got all sorts of models all the models I got all sorts of models all the models I got all sorts of models all the models right. So I'm actually going to for this right. So I'm actually going to for this right. So I'm actually going to for this one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to one let's do uh Luna and I'm going to put it on extra high. You're in control put it on extra high. You're in control
[00:22:37] put it on extra high. You're in control of reasoning, context window, your of reasoning, context window, your of reasoning, context window, your accessibility. Now, I want to build a accessibility. Now, I want to build a accessibility. Now, I want to build a brand new application from scratch. So, brand new application from scratch. So, brand new application from scratch. So, let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my let's see if we can cook. I'm here in my Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is Seattle Day Planner, and Pierce is always visiting me in the Pacific always visiting me in the Pacific always visiting me in the Pacific Northwest, and I want to optimize and Northwest, and I want to optimize and Northwest, and I want to optimize and build a beautiful website for the build a beautiful website for the build a beautiful website for the greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this greatest day. So, I'm going to hit this little dictate button so I can actually little dictate button so I can actually little dictate button so I can actually go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I go ahead and talk to it. Hey, okay, I want to build out a beautiful website want to build out a beautiful website want to build out a beautiful website and uh I want it to be for my friends and uh I want it to be for my friends and uh I want it to be for my friends that visit Seattle, Washington, and I that visit Seattle, Washington, and I that visit Seattle, Washington, and I want to be a day planner for them. And want to be a day planner for them. And want to be a day planner for them. And specifically, I want it to be for all specifically, I want it to be for all specifically, I want it to be for all the best coffee shops and awesome the best coffee shops and awesome
[00:23:08] the best coffee shops and awesome attractions, you know, like the Space attractions, you know, like the Space attractions, you know, like the Space Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, Needle, Car's Park, and uh Pikes Place, for example. And what I really want it for example. And what I really want it for example. And what I really want it to be is a really visually rich, in to be is a really visually rich, in to be is a really visually rich, in fact, I've given you a folder here fact, I've given you a folder here fact, I've given you a folder here called assets. So, take a look at the called assets. So, take a look at the called assets. So, take a look at the photos there and use those. But make it photos there and use those. But make it photos there and use those. But make it so they can really kind of plan out so they can really kind of plan out so they can really kind of plan out their single day, show it on a map, and their single day, show it on a map, and their single day, show it on a map, and then what I want you to do is after you then what I want you to do is after you then what I want you to do is after you get that built, go ahead. There's no get that built, go ahead. There's no get that built, go ahead. There's no GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository. So create the GitHub repository, push all the code up, and repository, push all the code up, and repository, push all the code up, and then go ahead and configure GitHub pages then go ahead and configure GitHub pages then go ahead and configure GitHub pages for me and deploy it automatically for me and deploy it automatically for me and deploy it automatically for me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you. me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you.
[00:23:42] me with a CI/CD pipeline. Thank you. And I'm just going to go ahead and fire And I'm just going to go ahead and fire And I'm just going to go ahead and fire it off. it off. it off. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You >> Now you got an idea in your brain. You just tell it from idea to production. just tell it from idea to production. just tell it from idea to production. Now this is going to start cooking. Now, Now this is going to start cooking. Now, Now this is going to start cooking. Now, a few things are going to happen here. a few things are going to happen here. a few things are going to happen here. This is going to take a look at my This is going to take a look at my This is going to take a look at my skills, my MCP servers, anything like skills, my MCP servers, anything like skills, my MCP servers, anything like that, and start to get to work. So, we that, and start to get to work. So, we that, and start to get to work. So, we can see uh it's renamed my session. It's can see uh it's renamed my session. It's can see uh it's renamed my session. It's moved it into my Seattle planner folder moved it into my Seattle planner folder moved it into my Seattle planner folder here. I have some things available to me here. I have some things available to me here. I have some things available to me like VS Code, the run. I can take a look like VS Code, the run. I can take a look like VS Code, the run. I can take a look here and it's going to think it through here and it's going to think it through here and it's going to think it through it. It's loading impeccable, which is a it. It's loading impeccable, which is a it. It's loading impeccable, which is a skill that we have. We'll talk about in skill that we have. We'll talk about in
[00:24:12] skill that we have. We'll talk about in a bit. And it's going to get to work. a bit. And it's going to get to work. a bit. And it's going to get to work. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. >> That's going to take some time, Pierce. So, let's keep moving on because So, let's keep moving on because So, let's keep moving on because that's what this is about, right? You that's what this is about, right? You that's what this is about, right? You got to keep moving as this is going. So got to keep moving as this is going. So got to keep moving as this is going. So the thing that I want to show off next the thing that I want to show off next the thing that I want to show off next is actually some automations that I run. is actually some automations that I run. is actually some automations that I run. >> Okay, >> Okay, >> Okay, >> so here is really cool and this is kind >> so here is really cool and this is kind >> so here is really cool and this is kind of a nice little hidden feature here is of a nice little hidden feature here is of a nice little hidden feature here is and by hidden feature I mean it's and by hidden feature I mean it's and by hidden feature I mean it's directly right there for you. Uh is that directly right there for you. Uh is that directly right there for you. Uh is that these are all my automations for my these are all my automations for my these are all my automations for my personal work but also for my code. So I personal work but also for my code. So I personal work but also for my code. So I have some things here like doing a daily have some things here like doing a daily have some things here like doing a daily issue triage for my application uh tiny issue triage for my application uh tiny issue triage for my application uh tiny clips that reviews all my GitHub issues, clips that reviews all my GitHub issues,
[00:24:43] clips that reviews all my GitHub issues, looks at priorities and enriches the looks at priorities and enriches the looks at priorities and enriches the issues. Um, here I have an accessibility issues. Um, here I have an accessibility issues. Um, here I have an accessibility audit and every week I run cost tips audit and every week I run cost tips audit and every week I run cost tips using Chronicle because I want to make using Chronicle because I want to make using Chronicle because I want to make sure that I'm being costefficient. I sure that I'm being costefficient. I sure that I'm being costefficient. I also have um one that's connected to also have um one that's connected to also have um one that's connected to work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams work IQ. So, it looks at all of my teams and emails and gives me a daily report. and emails and gives me a daily report. and emails and gives me a daily report. So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I So, I can go ahead and kick it off and I can look at all my runs. I was shutting can look at all my runs. I was shutting can look at all my runs. I was shutting down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, down the apps. I stopped them abruptly, but I can see all the ones that were but I can see all the ones that were but I can see all the ones that were running here. And you can get running here. And you can get running here. And you can get inspiration from the templates. They're inspiration from the templates. They're inspiration from the templates. They're all right here. So, you can click on all right here. So, you can click on all right here. So, you can click on one, get it set up. And I'm just going one, get it set up. And I'm just going
[00:25:13] one, get it set up. And I'm just going to go ahead and do a new one here. And to go ahead and do a new one here. And to go ahead and do a new one here. And I'm gonna call this uh this is a I'm gonna call this uh this is a I'm gonna call this uh this is a prompt about removing dead code that prompt about removing dead code that prompt about removing dead code that Burke gave me. I call it dead code. Burke gave me. I call it dead code. Burke gave me. I call it dead code. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> Burke's taking a lot of strays today. >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here >> He was like a lot of dead code. So here I'm just going to say dead code. Verify I'm just going to say dead code. Verify I'm just going to say dead code. Verify everything. Look for obsolete f flags. everything. Look for obsolete f flags. everything. Look for obsolete f flags. Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and Open a PR. And I'm going to go ahead and do this on this pickle ball app I've do this on this pickle ball app I've do this on this pickle ball app I've been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. been creating for the .NET Conf keynote. And here I could just auto say auto. You And here I could just auto say auto. You And here I could just auto say auto. You have all the options. And I'm just going have all the options. And I'm just going have all the options. And I'm just going to run it in the cloud. to run it in the cloud. to run it in the cloud. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> And I can say all tools. I have full >> And I can say all tools. I have full >> And I can say all tools. I have full control. anything I want and I can go control. anything I want and I can go
[00:25:44] control. anything I want and I can go ahead and just fire that off and select ahead and just fire that off and select ahead and just fire that off and select it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. it here. So, there's the kitchen sync. Create it. Boom. And now that's going to Create it. Boom. And now that's going to Create it. Boom. And now that's going to run every single week in the cloud and run every single week in the cloud and run every single week in the cloud and get a report and the PR is going to be get a report and the PR is going to be get a report and the PR is going to be generated automatically. generated automatically. generated automatically. >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, >> Yeah. Uh automations are super cool. I, you know, like you said, we see a lot of you know, like you said, we see a lot of you know, like you said, we see a lot of people building personal automations for people building personal automations for people building personal automations for toil in their day. Uh I have some that toil in their day. Uh I have some that toil in their day. Uh I have some that like run telemetry queries and do things like run telemetry queries and do things like run telemetry queries and do things like that. Help me prepare for my day. like that. Help me prepare for my day. like that. Help me prepare for my day. Um triage feedback we have on the repo Um triage feedback we have on the repo Um triage feedback we have on the repo from social media. tell me like what's from social media. tell me like what's from social media. tell me like what's important, but also we're seeing a lot important, but also we're seeing a lot important, but also we're seeing a lot of engineering teams doing things like
[00:26:14] of engineering teams doing things like of engineering teams doing things like issue triage, auto investigation, things issue triage, auto investigation, things issue triage, auto investigation, things like that with these automations. So, like that with these automations. So, like that with these automations. So, it's super cool to see what people are it's super cool to see what people are it's super cool to see what people are doing with them. doing with them. doing with them. >> And we can see that the Seattle planner >> And we can see that the Seattle planner >> And we can see that the Seattle planner is asking me some questions and it's is asking me some questions and it's is asking me some questions and it's because I forgot to put it in autopilot because I forgot to put it in autopilot because I forgot to put it in autopilot mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. mode. So, let's go ahead and switch it. And now it's just going to keep going, And now it's just going to keep going, And now it's just going to keep going, but it did ask me questions because it but it did ask me questions because it but it did ask me questions because it was in that interactive mode. It wanted was in that interactive mode. It wanted was in that interactive mode. It wanted to understand a little bit more. So, I'm to understand a little bit more. So, I'm to understand a little bit more. So, I'm going to go ahead and let it cook here a going to go ahead and let it cook here a going to go ahead and let it cook here a little bit more. And I'm going to get to little bit more. And I'm going to get to little bit more. And I'm going to get to other work. So, if you click on my work, other work. So, if you click on my work, other work. So, if you click on my work, these are all of the projects that I these are all of the projects that I these are all of the projects that I have here. So these are all of my uh have here. So these are all of my uh have here. So these are all of my uh issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can
[00:26:45] issues, PRs that are open, closed. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can look at pull requests, reviews. I can create a custom dashboard with any create a custom dashboard with any create a custom dashboard with any filter I want, which is really nifty. I filter I want, which is really nifty. I filter I want, which is really nifty. I use this active one all the time because use this active one all the time because use this active one all the time because if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 if I just go to GitHub, I have 550 repos. It's a little bit much. So I can repos. It's a little bit much. So I can repos. It's a little bit much. So I can create my filters and I can look at my create my filters and I can look at my create my filters and I can look at my work here and I can see anything work here and I can see anything work here and I can see anything assigned to me specifically. So, for assigned to me specifically. So, for assigned to me specifically. So, for example, if I wanted to get to work on example, if I wanted to get to work on example, if I wanted to get to work on this uh big feature request that a lot this uh big feature request that a lot this uh big feature request that a lot of my uh users of my stream timer, which of my uh users of my stream timer, which of my uh users of my stream timer, which I use for countdown clocks, um here it I use for countdown clocks, um here it I use for countdown clocks, um here it only does a system beep. I want to have only does a system beep. I want to have
[00:27:15] only does a system beep. I want to have custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want custom like MP3s and waves. Uh if I want to create a new session, I have it here. to create a new session, I have it here. to create a new session, I have it here. Start a new session. I'm going to do it Start a new session. I'm going to do it Start a new session. I'm going to do it on this machine and just on this machine and just on this machine and just >> perfect >> perfect >> perfect >> starts it up. It's going to >> starts it up. It's going to >> starts it up. It's going to automatically attach this issue and I automatically attach this issue and I automatically attach this issue and I can say issue fix and go. It can say issue fix and go. It can say issue fix and go. It automatically creates the work tree for automatically creates the work tree for automatically creates the work tree for me. So I don't have to worry about me. So I don't have to worry about me. So I don't have to worry about conflicts automatically or anything like conflicts automatically or anything like conflicts automatically or anything like that with my any branches from main. that with my any branches from main. that with my any branches from main. It's going to pull everything local and It's going to pull everything local and It's going to pull everything local and then it's going to get to work. And just then it's going to get to work. And just then it's going to get to work. And just like that, I'm already starting to do like that, I'm already starting to do like that, I'm already starting to do multi- aent processing across multiple multi- aent processing across multiple
[00:27:47] multi- aent processing across multiple projects, which is super cool. projects, which is super cool. projects, which is super cool. >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the >> Yeah, it's great. And I love having the native like GitHub collaboration built native like GitHub collaboration built native like GitHub collaboration built in where I not only have my agents in where I not only have my agents in where I not only have my agents working but also all my planned work. I working but also all my planned work. I working but also all my planned work. I feel like now with agents like the feel like now with agents like the feel like now with agents like the temptation is like it's not it's temptation is like it's not it's temptation is like it's not it's very easy to start things but it's very easy to start things but it's very easy to start things but it's actually very difficult to discern what actually very difficult to discern what actually very difficult to discern what should I be doing right and so having should I be doing right and so having should I be doing right and so having that super close to where my agents are that super close to where my agents are that super close to where my agents are working has been super helpful for me. working has been super helpful for me. working has been super helpful for me. >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've >> Totally. So let's go into one that I've been doing earlier. Here I have an been doing earlier. Here I have an been doing earlier. Here I have an application called Tiny Clips which application called Tiny Clips which application called Tiny Clips which allows me to take screenshots on Mac and allows me to take screenshots on Mac and allows me to take screenshots on Mac and Windows. And I've been working Windows. And I've been working
[00:28:18] Windows. And I've been working specifically on multicapture editing specifically on multicapture editing specifically on multicapture editing because when I would take a screenshot because when I would take a screenshot because when I would take a screenshot and if I did another one, it would close and if I did another one, it would close and if I did another one, it would close the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I the old one. So I wanted multiple. So I was working here. I kind of did was working here. I kind of did was working here. I kind of did something very similar. I basically came something very similar. I basically came something very similar. I basically came up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an up over here and I said, "Hey, here's an issue. Let's trace through this and get issue. Let's trace through this and get issue. Let's trace through this and get to work." And it put together a nice to work." And it put together a nice to work." And it put together a nice little um proposal for me. I can see little um proposal for me. I can see little um proposal for me. I can see everything here. Here's the plan. The everything here. Here's the plan. The everything here. Here's the plan. The great part here is if I want to get great part here is if I want to get great part here is if I want to get closer to the code, I can look at the closer to the code, I can look at the closer to the code, I can look at the changes or I could just open it in VS changes or I could just open it in VS changes or I could just open it in VS Code or my favorite code editor here. If Code or my favorite code editor here. If Code or my favorite code editor here. If I bring up VS Code, we can see that I bring up VS Code, we can see that I
[00:28:49] I bring up VS Code, we can see that I have the same exact uh work tree down have the same exact uh work tree down have the same exact uh work tree down here. So, here's that work tree. It here. So, here's that work tree. It here. So, here's that work tree. It opens it automatically when you click opens it automatically when you click opens it automatically when you click that button. I have the same exact that button. I have the same exact that button. I have the same exact session. We can see it's running here in session. We can see it's running here in session. We can see it's running here in the Copilot agent harness. I can see all the Copilot agent harness. I can see all the Copilot agent harness. I can see all of the steps. I can chat back and forth of the steps. I can chat back and forth of the steps. I can chat back and forth directly there. I can create the PR directly there. I can create the PR directly there. I can create the PR here. It'll sync between the two. I can here. It'll sync between the two. I can here. It'll sync between the two. I can click on it and get really deep into the click on it and get really deep into the click on it and get really deep into the application, run it, do anything I want, application, run it, do anything I want, application, run it, do anything I want, which is super nice. So, that deep tight which is super nice. So, that deep tight which is super nice. So, that deep tight integration between your favorite integration between your favorite integration between your favorite developer tools. Now, one thing that is developer tools. Now, one thing that is
[00:29:19] developer tools. Now, one thing that is missing here though is my slashVS code missing here though is my slashVS code missing here though is my slashVS code uh buddy. Oh, there he is. uh buddy. Oh, there he is. uh buddy. Oh, there he is. >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it >> Oh, there he is. Oh, hey, how's it going? He's like, hey, what's going on? going? He's like, hey, what's going on? going? He's like, hey, what's going on? Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of Yeah. Oh, there you go. And you kind of th him around just so we kind of have th him around just so we kind of have th him around just so we kind of have like nice interactive elements in the G like nice interactive elements in the G like nice interactive elements in the G co-pilot app. Justin and the team been co-pilot app. Justin and the team been co-pilot app. Justin and the team been working on our VS Code pet, which working on our VS Code pet, which working on our VS Code pet, which doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk doesn't have a name yet. And we'll talk about a little bit more here how you can about a little bit more here how you can about a little bit more here how you can help name them too. I get achievements. help name them too. I get achievements. help name them too. I get achievements. I got this little crown on. So the more I got this little crown on. So the more I got this little crown on. So the more I'm using the agents and investigating I'm using the agents and investigating I'm using the agents and investigating and learning new capabilities. It's all and learning new capabilities. It's all and learning new capabilities. It's all there. But I want to point out right all there. But I want to point out right all there. But I want to point out right all the same models. Everything's available the same models. Everything's available the same models. Everything's available here for us. We have, you know, here for us. We have, you know,
[00:29:49] here for us. We have, you know, different reasoning levels, the agent different reasoning levels, the agent different reasoning levels, the agent modes, everything like that. Permission modes, everything like that. Permission modes, everything like that. Permission checks, all the things that we kind of checks, all the things that we kind of checks, all the things that we kind of just saw. So that nice agent harness just saw. So that nice agent harness just saw. So that nice agent harness running across, which is rad. Now, if running across, which is rad. Now, if running across, which is rad. Now, if I'm back over in the app, right, I've I'm back over in the app, right, I've I'm back over in the app, right, I've reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can reviewed the code. I'm good to go. I can just oneclick create a PR. This is now just oneclick create a PR. This is now just oneclick create a PR. This is now going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to check any requirements I might have in check any requirements I might have in check any requirements I might have in the repo. It's going to fire off right the repo. It's going to fire off right the repo. It's going to fire off right here to go ahead and open that pull here to go ahead and open that pull here to go ahead and open that pull request which runs a skill. And it will request which runs a skill. And it will request which runs a skill. And it will then go ahead and fire that off and then go ahead and fire that off and then go ahead and fire that off and start to run my CI and CD checks. Now, start to run my CI and CD checks. Now,
[00:30:20] start to run my CI and CD checks. Now, that's going to take a second or so that's going to take a second or so that's going to take a second or so because I'm building Windows and Mac because I'm building Windows and Mac because I'm building Windows and Mac applications based on what I'm changing. applications based on what I'm changing. applications based on what I'm changing. So, I did one earlier that for all So, I did one earlier that for all So, I did one earlier that for all intents and purposes is exactly the same intents and purposes is exactly the same intents and purposes is exactly the same and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh and I created the PR ahead of time. Uh so we can see that I basically did the so we can see that I basically did the so we can see that I basically did the same exact thing for the multi-edits and same exact thing for the multi-edits and same exact thing for the multi-edits and then I have the full validation here. then I have the full validation here. then I have the full validation here. But I want to point out that I have the But I want to point out that I have the But I want to point out that I have the GitHub copilot uh review agent running GitHub copilot uh review agent running GitHub copilot uh review agent running on github.com. So when I fired this off, on github.com. So when I fired this off, on github.com. So when I fired this off, it ran all my checks and everything it ran all my checks and everything it ran all my checks and everything seemed to pass uh which was good, but it seemed to pass uh which was good, but it
[00:30:50] seemed to pass uh which was good, but it left me a comment here on some code left me a comment here on some code left me a comment here on some code improvements. So what's great with this improvements. So what's great with this improvements. So what's great with this integration is that I can one-click fix integration is that I can one-click fix integration is that I can one-click fix unresolved comments or what I like to do unresolved comments or what I like to do unresolved comments or what I like to do is from this dropdown I can click ready is from this dropdown I can click ready is from this dropdown I can click ready to merge and merge and see all the to merge and merge and see all the to merge and merge and see all the checks but I can also turn on agent checks but I can also turn on agent checks but I can also turn on agent merge and agent merge allows it the merge and agent merge allows it the merge and agent merge allows it the agent to automatically address review agent to automatically address review agent to automatically address review issues CI failures resolve conflicts and issues CI failures resolve conflicts and issues CI failures resolve conflicts and a lot more. So when you're working on a lot more. So when you're working on a lot more. So when you're working on a lot of different branches and a lot of lot of different branches and a lot of lot of different branches and a lot of work trees, this becomes super nice and work trees, this becomes super nice and work trees, this becomes super nice and you'll see agent merge is going to get you'll see agent merge is going to get
[00:31:20] you'll see agent merge is going to get to work and it's going to start to merge to work and it's going to start to merge to work and it's going to start to merge load the scale and get to work and load the scale and get to work and load the scale and get to work and commit back that code automatically. Now commit back that code automatically. Now commit back that code automatically. Now I did not do the automatically merge I did not do the automatically merge I did not do the automatically merge pull request. But you could if you're pull request. But you could if you're pull request. But you could if you're really in that really tight integration, really in that really tight integration, really in that really tight integration, you feel good about it, you can go ahead you feel good about it, you can go ahead you feel good about it, you can go ahead and put that out there. and put that out there. and put that out there. >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every >> Yeah. And I mean, even before AI, every single team struggles with like, okay, I single team struggles with like, okay, I single team struggles with like, okay, I did the work, I have the PR, now I have did the work, I have the PR, now I have did the work, I have the PR, now I have to spend a week babysitting this three to spend a week babysitting this three to spend a week babysitting this three thing through to actually getting thing through to actually getting thing through to actually getting merged. That problem got worse with AI merged. That problem got worse with AI merged. That problem got worse with AI because we're now sending more PRs than because we're now sending more PRs than because we're now sending more PRs than ever thanks to things like the GitHub ever thanks to things like the GitHub
[00:31:50] ever thanks to things like the GitHub core app. Um, and so agent merge is core app. Um, and so agent merge is core app. Um, and so agent merge is awesome because now I can submit the PR, awesome because now I can submit the PR, awesome because now I can submit the PR, I turn on agent merge, I don't have to I turn on agent merge, I don't have to I turn on agent merge, I don't have to babysit the thing, and when all the babysit the thing, and when all the babysit the thing, and when all the checks are addressed and I feel good checks are addressed and I feel good checks are addressed and I feel good about the state of the PR, I can merge about the state of the PR, I can merge about the state of the PR, I can merge it in. it in. it in. >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look >> Exactly. Now, let's get back up and look at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's at our hub. Let's see if it is how it's going. Okay, looks like we have a going. Okay, looks like we have a going. Okay, looks like we have a canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and canvas. So, that's good. Let's go and see here. We have our Seattle canvas. see here. We have our Seattle canvas. see here. We have our Seattle canvas. Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, Okay, this is looking pretty good. So, we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build we got a Seattle day planner. Uh, build a day worth wandering. So, we can start a day worth wandering. So, we can start a day worth wandering. So, we can start with a place. Beautiful. A good space with a place. Beautiful. A good space with a place. Beautiful. A good space needle. We have a beautiful map here needle. We have a beautiful map here
[00:32:20] needle. We have a beautiful map here that we can outline our location. That's that we can outline our location. That's that we can outline our location. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's really cool. They hand drew that. That's amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I amazing. Um, I can copy this route and I have see all the different locations have see all the different locations have see all the different locations here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, here. So, I did provided the photos. Um, but I actually worked earlier and I had but I actually worked earlier and I had but I actually worked earlier and I had Copa go grab all the different photos Copa go grab all the different photos Copa go grab all the different photos for him, which is cool. So, we can see for him, which is cool. So, we can see for him, which is cool. So, we can see all the different places here and it all the different places here and it all the different places here and it actually filtered and it's testing the actually filtered and it's testing the actually filtered and it's testing the app in real time. So, it's actually been app in real time. So, it's actually been app in real time. So, it's actually been adding. >> So, this is actually a browser inside >> So, this is actually a browser inside >> So, this is actually a browser inside the GitHub copilot app. the GitHub copilot app. the GitHub copilot app. >> This is directly here and you can pick >> This is directly here and you can pick >> This is directly here and you can pick and polish. You can pick elements and polish. You can pick elements and polish. You can pick elements and you can see that it's been invoking you can see that it's been invoking you can see that it's been invoking clicking elements, reading elements, and clicking elements, reading elements, and
[00:32:50] clicking elements, reading elements, and doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep doing a lot more. So, that built-in deep integration directly inside the co-pilot integration directly inside the co-pilot integration directly inside the co-pilot app. So now this is going to get to work app. So now this is going to get to work app. So now this is going to get to work validating because it kind of waited a validating because it kind of waited a validating because it kind of waited a few minutes for me to answer a question few minutes for me to answer a question few minutes for me to answer a question and then it's going to create our repo. and then it's going to create our repo. and then it's going to create our repo. So I figure while we wait there, So I figure while we wait there, So I figure while we wait there, >> I want to also show you how I do a lot >> I want to also show you how I do a lot >> I want to also show you how I do a lot of my iOS and Android development on my of my iOS and Android development on my of my iOS and Android development on my Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head Mac. So you have my Mac. So let's head over to my Mac over here. And I know over to my Mac over here. And I know over to my Mac over here. And I know we've been working on this weight we've been working on this weight we've been working on this weight tracking application. tracking application. tracking application. >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're >> We have. Yes. Um you know we're entering winter so it's time to entering winter so it's time to entering winter so it's time to bulk again. So maybe not the time for bulk again. So maybe not the time for
[00:33:20] bulk again. So maybe not the time for weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've weight loss, but that's okay. Um, we've been building this iOS app together in been building this iOS app together in been building this iOS app together in the GitHub copod app. And I think one the GitHub copod app. And I think one the GitHub copod app. And I think one really cool thing like uh you know the really cool thing like uh you know the really cool thing like uh you know the GitHub copod app can be used to build GitHub copod app can be used to build GitHub copod app can be used to build any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw any sort of thing, right? Uh we just saw how we can build web apps. We have a how we can build web apps. We have a how we can build web apps. We have a built-in browser. Um there's an built-in browser. Um there's an built-in browser. Um there's an extensibility model called canvases extensibility model called canvases extensibility model called canvases which we'll show later today uh inside which we'll show later today uh inside which we'll show later today uh inside the GitHub copilot app. And here I the GitHub copilot app. And here I the GitHub copilot app. And here I actually have a canvas for testing and actually have a canvas for testing and actually have a canvas for testing and viewing the iOS simulator directly in viewing the iOS simulator directly in viewing the iOS simulator directly in this app. So I can say with natural this app. So I can say with natural
[00:33:50] this app. So I can say with natural language here's what I want in my app language here's what I want in my app language here's what I want in my app right here inside the GitHub copilot right here inside the GitHub copilot right here inside the GitHub copilot app. I can validate right here. Of app. I can validate right here. Of app. I can validate right here. Of course this is like a real simulator. I course this is like a real simulator. I course this is like a real simulator. I can interact with it. I can come over can interact with it. I can come over can interact with it. I can come over here. I could change like the viewport here. I could change like the viewport here. I could change like the viewport if I wanted to try a different sim if I wanted to try a different sim if I wanted to try a different sim simulator. And it looks like from simulator. And it looks like from simulator. And it looks like from scrolling up like this thing can scrolling up like this thing can scrolling up like this thing can actually go and drive the actual app actually go and drive the actual app actually go and drive the actual app from the agent. It can self- validate from the agent. It can self- validate from the agent. It can self- validate like if I ask it to test things. And it like if I ask it to test things. And it like if I ask it to test things. And it looks like we got to get this things looks like we got to get this things looks like we got to get this things ready to ship. So we need some ready to ship. So we need some ready to ship. So we need some screenshots for this app store. So I'm screenshots for this app store. So I'm screenshots for this app store. So I'm just going to fire it off and I'll let just going to fire it off and I'll let just going to fire it off and I'll let the app take care of that. Like I'm not the app take care of that. Like I'm not the app take care of that. Like I'm not going to go manually capture these going to go manually capture these going to go manually capture these screenshots myself. It's not 2025 screenshots myself. It's not 2025
[00:34:20] screenshots myself. It's not 2025 anymore. >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that >> Exactly. This is a uh a canvas that ships and it has an MCP server so it can ships and it has an MCP server so it can ships and it has an MCP server so it can actually speak directly uh to it. So it actually speak directly uh to it. So it actually speak directly uh to it. So it can understand what to do. So this is can understand what to do. So this is can understand what to do. So this is great and you're in that iteration loop great and you're in that iteration loop great and you're in that iteration loop just like we saw in the web that just like we saw in the web that just like we saw in the web that specifically it was off testing it. And specifically it was off testing it. And specifically it was off testing it. And we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not we can see hands up, hands up, I'm not doing anything, doing anything, doing anything, >> right? Native native and this is a >> right? Native native and this is a >> right? Native native and this is a native Swift application directly right native Swift application directly right native Swift application directly right here. Yep. Uh, and you can see here. Yep. Uh, and you can see here. Yep. Uh, and you can see everything it's doing, including asking everything it's doing, including asking everything it's doing, including asking you questions and anything that you want you questions and anything that you want you questions and anything that you want it to do. it to do. it to do. >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the
[00:34:50] >> Yep. Yeah. And I mean, I think uh the really cool thing about the GitHub really cool thing about the GitHub really cool thing about the GitHub Copilot app is I feel like it allows me Copilot app is I feel like it allows me Copilot app is I feel like it allows me to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to focus on the outcome that I'm trying to achieve, right? What is the feature to achieve, right? What is the feature to achieve, right? What is the feature I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my I'm trying to build? Uh, imparting my wisdom on architectural choices, things wisdom on architectural choices, things wisdom on architectural choices, things like that. And I'm not super close to like that. And I'm not super close to like that. And I'm not super close to the code, but that's kind of intentional the code, but that's kind of intentional the code, but that's kind of intentional right here. And you can even do things right here. And you can even do things right here. And you can even do things like agentic self-verification, which of like agentic self-verification, which of like agentic self-verification, which of course is your firing off 10 things at course is your firing off 10 things at course is your firing off 10 things at once. like the less things you actually once. like the less things you actually once. like the less things you actually have to do in any one of these threads, have to do in any one of these threads, have to do in any one of these threads, the more things you can do, right? And the more things you can do, right? And the more things you can do, right? And of course, like you said, like if I ever of course, like you said, like if I ever of course, like you said, like if I ever wanted to go and look at the code, I can wanted to go and look at the code, I can wanted to go and look at the code, I can do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop do so in VS Code. So maybe let's hop over to VS Code actually. over to VS Code actually.
[00:35:20] over to VS Code actually. >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another >> Yeah. In fact, I was working on another app, a net Maui application on Android, app, a net Maui application on Android, app, a net Maui application on Android, this little financial application. Yep. this little financial application. Yep. this little financial application. Yep. >> And I think what was great here is that >> And I think what was great here is that >> And I think what was great here is that these same MCP servers, the same tools, these same MCP servers, the same tools, these same MCP servers, the same tools, the same agent harness runs it here. So the same agent harness runs it here. So the same agent harness runs it here. So we can see our custom Maui agent. And we can see our custom Maui agent. And we can see our custom Maui agent. And the same thing, we have all of our the same thing, we have all of our the same thing, we have all of our different devices. In this case, I'm different devices. In this case, I'm different devices. In this case, I'm deploying it here on Android. And you deploying it here on Android. And you deploying it here on Android. And you can run at the same exact prompt to have can run at the same exact prompt to have can run at the same exact prompt to have it test everything. So no matter what it test everything. So no matter what it test everything. So no matter what you're building, no matter what you want you're building, no matter what you want you're building, no matter what you want to do, it can drive it. And I think to do, it can drive it. And I think to do, it can drive it. And I think what's cool is like a lot of developers what's cool is like a lot of developers what's cool is like a lot of developers using VS Code are used to like the using VS Code are used to like the using VS Code are used to like the extensions, right? There's tons of extensions, right? There's tons of
[00:35:50] extensions, right? There's tons of extensions. The mobile canvas is extensions. The mobile canvas is extensions. The mobile canvas is extension from John Dick here at extension from John Dick here at extension from John Dick here at Microsoft. >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is >> Um, and we can see that now the agent is parsing, taking screenshots, navigating parsing, taking screenshots, navigating parsing, taking screenshots, navigating fully through you, and it's going to fully through you, and it's going to fully through you, and it's going to self- validate. So I recently added an self- validate. So I recently added an self- validate. So I recently added an interest calculator. So, I wanted to interest calculator. So, I wanted to interest calculator. So, I wanted to self validate it, take screenshots, add self validate it, take screenshots, add self validate it, take screenshots, add it to documentation, and now it's just it to documentation, and now it's just it to documentation, and now it's just going to kind of get to work doing its going to kind of get to work doing its going to kind of get to work doing its thing automatically, scrolling around, thing automatically, scrolling around, thing automatically, scrolling around, everything that we need it to do in real everything that we need it to do in real everything that we need it to do in real time, which is super powerful. So, time, which is super powerful. So, time, which is super powerful. So, implement something, figure it out, and implement something, figure it out, and implement something, figure it out, and like it's so cool to watch it, do like it's so cool to watch it, do like it's so cool to watch it, do >> it's literally taking screenshots and >> it's literally taking screenshots and
[00:36:20] >> it's literally taking screenshots and stuff right now. It's super cool. stuff right now. It's super cool. stuff right now. It's super cool. >> So, while that's cooking and doing some >> So, while that's cooking and doing some >> So, while that's cooking and doing some screenshots, I think the thing that we screenshots, I think the thing that we screenshots, I think the thing that we should really talk about is the should really talk about is the should really talk about is the extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. extensibility of the GitHub Copilot app. >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub >> That's right. So uh in the GitHub copilot app, if you go to this customize copilot app, if you go to this customize copilot app, if you go to this customize tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, tab, uh you can go install MCP servers, plugins, skills, canvases, plugins, skills, canvases, plugins, skills, canvases, >> essentially any customization you want >> essentially any customization you want >> essentially any customization you want inside the GitHub copilot app to make inside the GitHub copilot app to make inside the GitHub copilot app to make the C-pilot app work just like you and the C-pilot app work just like you and the C-pilot app work just like you and your team, right? So I can come in, I your team, right? So I can come in, I your team, right? So I can come in, I can add MCP servers. So my team's using can add MCP servers. So my team's using
[00:36:51] can add MCP servers. So my team's using Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to Azure DevOps, I'm using Figma, I want to do device testing with Playright, I can do device testing with Playright, I can do device testing with Playright, I can install that right here. Of course, install that right here. Of course, install that right here. Of course, plugins from marketplaces like awesome plugins from marketplaces like awesome plugins from marketplaces like awesome copilot uh that our community has copilot uh that our community has copilot uh that our community has curated. So I can, you know, oneclick curated. So I can, you know, oneclick curated. So I can, you know, oneclick install things like work IQ to give the install things like work IQ to give the install things like work IQ to give the GitHub copilot app context on my GitHub copilot app context on my GitHub copilot app context on my Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, Microsoft 365 documents, conversations, team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO team stuff, skills. Um we got Matt PCO right after us. We got the grill me right after us. We got the grill me right after us. We got the grill me skill. He's going to tell us all about skill. He's going to tell us all about skill. He's going to tell us all about it. But uh you can go install and it. But uh you can go install and it. But uh you can go install and discover skills from your discover skills from your discover skills from your marketplaces. You can even actually add marketplaces. You can even actually add
[00:37:22] marketplaces. You can even actually add your own organizational marketplace. So your own organizational marketplace. So your own organizational marketplace. So we have that at Microsoft. like we have we have that at Microsoft. like we have we have that at Microsoft. like we have a curated set of plugins for just people a curated set of plugins for just people a curated set of plugins for just people here at Microsoft. You can add that here at Microsoft. You can add that here at Microsoft. You can add that market uh marketplace registry directly market uh marketplace registry directly market uh marketplace registry directly to the GitHub copod app. So every single to the GitHub copod app. So every single to the GitHub copod app. So every single engineer on your team has access to engineer on your team has access to engineer on your team has access to those plugins. And of course canvases, those plugins. And of course canvases, those plugins. And of course canvases, right? Uh canvases are basically a right? Uh canvases are basically a right? Uh canvases are basically a visual way for you to drive the app. So visual way for you to drive the app. So visual way for you to drive the app. So uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but uh we saw the iOS simulator canvas, but there's other canvases like Azure there's other canvases like Azure there's other canvases like Azure DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry DevOps, Foundry, Jira. We use the Sentry canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't canvas a lot on our team. It doesn't just show us like active issues we have just show us like active issues we have
[00:37:53] just show us like active issues we have for Century, but from that canvas, I can for Century, but from that canvas, I can for Century, but from that canvas, I can actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this actually go in and I can say, "Oh, this is the top, you know, performance issue is the top, you know, performance issue is the top, you know, performance issue we have in the GitHub copod app. we have in the GitHub copod app. we have in the GitHub copod app. >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one >> Fix fix this bug." It's literally one click away. And so then my interaction click away. And so then my interaction click away. And so then my interaction model shifts from just being so focused model shifts from just being so focused model shifts from just being so focused on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm on chat to now I have the canvas and I'm using that to actually fire off agent using that to actually fire off agent using that to actually fire off agent sessions in the app. sessions in the app. sessions in the app. >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I >> Let's head back to my PC uh because I got two more things that I want to show. got two more things that I want to show. got two more things that I want to show. Perfect. The first is that you can build Perfect. The first is that you can build Perfect. The first is that you can build your own canvases. You can use your own canvases. You can use your own canvases. You can use /createcanvas and in fact I have my own I have my own and in fact I have my own I have my own
[00:38:23] and in fact I have my own I have my own repo actions so I never have to leave repo actions so I never have to leave repo actions so I never have to leave the copilot app to see all of my actions the copilot app to see all of my actions the copilot app to see all of my actions running on github.com and for tiny clips running on github.com and for tiny clips running on github.com and for tiny clips I actually created my entire release I actually created my entire release I actually created my entire release dashboard here I can create release dashboard here I can create release dashboard here I can create release notes generate PRs tag releases and see notes generate PRs tag releases and see notes generate PRs tag releases and see everything all in real time including everything all in real time including everything all in real time including what's live for Mac and on Windows and I what's live for Mac and on Windows and I what's live for Mac and on Windows and I can even see the status of what's on can even see the status of what's on can even see the status of what's on Windguet today and what's released which Windguet today and what's released which Windguet today and what's released which is super cool so you can just build your is super cool so you can just build your is super cool so you can just build your own and these can leverage the GitHub own and these can leverage the GitHub own and these can leverage the GitHub copilot SDK to infuse use the agent copilot SDK to infuse use the agent copilot SDK to infuse use the agent inside of these canvases which is super inside of these canvases which is super inside of these canvases which is super duper cool. All right, I have two more duper cool. All right, I have two more
[00:38:54] duper cool. All right, I have two more things I want to show. First is things I want to show. First is things I want to show. First is something down here which is uh kind of something down here which is uh kind of something down here which is uh kind of interesting called interesting called interesting called >> is this WSL? >> is this WSL? >> is this WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Is it WSL? >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's >> Yeah, I want to point out here there's this little icon here and it says it's this little icon here and it says it's this little icon here and it says it's running in WSLuntu and this is a brand running in WSLuntu and this is a brand running in WSLuntu and this is a brand new feature. If you go under new feature. If you go under new feature. If you go under environments, you'll see that I am environments, you'll see that I am environments, you'll see that I am connected to the Windows subsystem for connected to the Windows subsystem for connected to the Windows subsystem for Linux. So, I built a little application Linux. So, I built a little application Linux. So, I built a little application that I can run here with this little um that I can run here with this little um that I can run here with this little um uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. uh run button. Uh supposed to be there. Where is it at? See, run the app. Where is it at? See, run the app.
[00:39:25] Where is it at? See, run the app. There we go. There we go. There we go. It was there. It should run it. Let's It was there. It should run it. Let's It was there. It should run it. Let's see. I think I need to There we go. see. I think I need to There we go. see. I think I need to There we go. Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, Perfect. And so, the GitHub Copilot app, of course, I can run sessions locally on of course, I can run sessions locally on of course, I can run sessions locally on my machine. Uh I can also run sessions my machine. Uh I can also run sessions my machine. Uh I can also run sessions in the cloud. And now I can run them on in the cloud. And now I can run them on in the cloud. And now I can run them on remotes like WSL as well. remotes like WSL as well. remotes like WSL as well. >> And there it is. So there's my little >> And there it is. So there's my little >> And there it is. So there's my little app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed app. Is this WSL? It is. It is indeed WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it WSL right here. In fact, I'll prove it to you really quick. I'm going to go to you really quick. I'm going to go to you really quick. I'm going to go over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over to my terminal. I'm type in btop over here. I'm going to make this over here. I'm going to make this over here. I'm going to make this bigger. And now I have BTOP running bigger. And now I have BTOP running
[00:39:55] bigger. And now I have BTOP running directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of it. So this is right directly inside of inside of this. And directly inside of inside of this. And directly inside of inside of this. And you can just run everything configured you can just run everything configured you can just run everything configured inside of WSL. So you can configure all inside of WSL. So you can configure all inside of WSL. So you can configure all those environments. Last thing really those environments. Last thing really those environments. Last thing really quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI quick, I'm going to head over to the CLI over here. I want to talk about over here. I want to talk about over here. I want to talk about hydrofusion. So the best model is not hydrofusion. So the best model is not hydrofusion. So the best model is not having to pick a model at all. Uh so having to pick a model at all. Uh so having to pick a model at all. Uh so here I've gone ahead and I've created a here I've gone ahead and I've created a here I've gone ahead and I've created a new work tree with the SLworkree command new work tree with the SLworkree command new work tree with the SLworkree command and I'm going to tell it to get to work and I'm going to tell it to get to work and I'm going to tell it to get to work on this and hydrofusion here is going to on this and hydrofusion here is going to on this and hydrofusion here is going to pick the best approach best on the pick the best approach best on the pick the best approach best on the prompt has picked critique here and it's prompt has picked critique here and it's
[00:40:27] prompt has picked critique here and it's going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to going to do a few things. It's going to do a first pass with a primary worker. do a first pass with a primary worker. do a first pass with a primary worker. It's going to then understand that pass It's going to then understand that pass It's going to then understand that pass and go back and critique it and it's and go back and critique it and it's and go back and critique it and it's going to have a readonly reviewer to going to have a readonly reviewer to going to have a readonly reviewer to provide notes on it and then it'll do a provide notes on it and then it'll do a provide notes on it and then it'll do a revision pass and then go ahead and revision pass and then go ahead and revision pass and then go ahead and implement it automatically. The cool implement it automatically. The cool implement it automatically. The cool part here is all this is happening. You part here is all this is happening. You part here is all this is happening. You can see my AI credits in real time go can see my AI credits in real time go can see my AI credits in real time go and I've used less than one so far right and I've used less than one so far right and I've used less than one so far right to do these first pass in primary. So to do these first pass in primary. So to do these first pass in primary. So the team is working really hard on the team is working really hard on the team is working really hard on the output but the idea is you shouldn't output but the idea is you shouldn't output but the idea is you shouldn't have to worry about the output until the have to worry about the output until the
[00:40:57] have to worry about the output until the end when it all sort of finishes which end when it all sort of finishes which end when it all sort of finishes which is really nice. And there's going to be is really nice. And there's going to be is really nice. And there's going to be a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not a deep dive in hydrofusion. So I'm not going to go too deep onto it. But I also going to go too deep onto it. But I also going to go too deep onto it. But I also want to point out if I hit the left want to point out if I hit the left want to point out if I hit the left arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking arrow, I got a bunch of things cooking over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. over here, too. I'm a big gooey person. So I love a tuy. And I love that I can So I love a tuy. And I love that I can So I love a tuy. And I love that I can just click on things and I can navigate just click on things and I can navigate just click on things and I can navigate around into all of my different sessions around into all of my different sessions around into all of my different sessions here. So I can go and I can see here all here. So I can go and I can see here all here. So I can go and I can see here all of my sessions. And I want to also point of my sessions. And I want to also point of my sessions. And I want to also point out that all of these sessions that I've out that all of these sessions that I've out that all of these sessions that I've been going on here, I've been using been going on here, I've been using been going on here, I've been using Hydra Fusion on and they also show up Hydra Fusion on and they also show up
[00:41:27] Hydra Fusion on and they also show up inside if I want to the GitHub copilot inside if I want to the GitHub copilot inside if I want to the GitHub copilot app because they're all there. There's app because they're all there. There's app because they're all there. There's an option to show your CLI sessions. So, an option to show your CLI sessions. So, an option to show your CLI sessions. So, as these are working back and forth, as these are working back and forth, as these are working back and forth, they're all readily available for you. they're all readily available for you. they're all readily available for you. And then this is going to go ahead And then this is going to go ahead And then this is going to go ahead finish this off. And if I wanted to finish this off. And if I wanted to finish this off. And if I wanted to create a new session, I can just click create a new session, I can just click create a new session, I can just click on new session. I can view all my issues on new session. I can view all my issues on new session. I can view all my issues for the repo, open pull requests, for the repo, open pull requests, for the repo, open pull requests, everything. Deep integration. I love everything. Deep integration. I love everything. Deep integration. I love that I can click on things. I love a that I can click on things. I love a that I can click on things. I love a good mouse click. All right, let's wrap good mouse click. All right, let's wrap good mouse click. All right, let's wrap this thing up as Copilot continues to this thing up as Copilot continues to this thing up as Copilot continues to work. Okay, first thing is you can get work. Okay, first thing is you can get
[00:41:58] work. Okay, first thing is you can get the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app the GitHub Copilot app today. gh.io/app to turn your idea into reality and start to turn your idea into reality and start to turn your idea into reality and start to check out all of these amazing to check out all of these amazing to check out all of these amazing features that we've talked about today. features that we've talked about today. features that we've talked about today. the rich ecosystem that continues to the rich ecosystem that continues to the rich ecosystem that continues to build out. Publish your plugins, publish build out. Publish your plugins, publish build out. Publish your plugins, publish your MCP servers and go ahead and your MCP servers and go ahead and your MCP servers and go ahead and configure these for your team, your configure these for your team, your configure these for your team, your project or your enterprise. We love to project or your enterprise. We love to project or your enterprise. We love to see this continue to be built out. More see this continue to be built out. More see this continue to be built out. More models are added every single day and models are added every single day and models are added every single day and you have those readily available to you. you have those readily available to you. you have those readily available to you. Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and Or if you're like me, I'm auto mode and now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day
[00:42:28] now I'm hydrofusion all day, every day as the default inside the CLI. I simply as the default inside the CLI. I simply as the default inside the CLI. I simply love it. And of course, you can bring love it. And of course, you can bring love it. And of course, you can bring your own key, configure anything you your own key, configure anything you your own key, configure anything you want. Now I do want to talk here like want. Now I do want to talk here like want. Now I do want to talk here like the hydrofusion part is really unique. the hydrofusion part is really unique. the hydrofusion part is really unique. We saw it use critique but we can also We saw it use critique but we can also We saw it use critique but we can also see that there's other modes such as a see that there's other modes such as a see that there's other modes such as a single shot cascade and these different single shot cascade and these different single shot cascade and these different are automatically selecting different are automatically selecting different are automatically selecting different models at the right time for the task models at the right time for the task models at the right time for the task and switching when it makes sense to and switching when it makes sense to and switching when it makes sense to cache bust efficiently and effectively. cache bust efficiently and effectively. cache bust efficiently and effectively. Deep dive into the blog post on Deep dive into the blog post on Deep dive into the blog post on Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub Hydrausion. Type in Hydrofusion GitHub into your favorite search engine. Read into your favorite search engine. Read
[00:42:59] into your favorite search engine. Read the deep dive blog post. It is awesome the deep dive blog post. It is awesome the deep dive blog post. It is awesome to just see on what the team is working to just see on what the team is working to just see on what the team is working on. We showed the deep integration into on. We showed the deep integration into on. We showed the deep integration into Slack. Also available in Teams. If you Slack. Also available in Teams. If you Slack. Also available in Teams. If you haven't gotten that configured, you got haven't gotten that configured, you got haven't gotten that configured, you got to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on to do it. It's mind-blowing to work on stuff. A bunch of great things to help stuff. A bunch of great things to help stuff. A bunch of great things to help you dream, build, and ship. you dream, build, and ship. you dream, build, and ship. Last thing really, really quick that I Last thing really, really quick that I Last thing really, really quick that I want to point out while you take a want to point out while you take a want to point out while you take a screenshot really quick is that there's screenshot really quick is that there's screenshot really quick is that there's tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna tons of great stuff here. Matt's gonna be right after us, grilling us hard with be right after us, grilling us hard with be right after us, grilling us hard with his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, his skills, deep dive on Hydro Fusion, folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot folks from the VS Code, the C-pilot team, and you all be back live coding team, and you all be back live coding
[00:43:30] team, and you all be back live coding with Wes, hopefully an updated website with Wes, hopefully an updated website with Wes, hopefully an updated website um automatically there. But the fun um automatically there. But the fun um automatically there. But the fun doesn't stop today. The community is doesn't stop today. The community is doesn't stop today. The community is rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev rallying behind the GitHub Copilot Dev Days, and there's hundreds of events Days, and there's hundreds of events Days, and there's hundreds of events around the globe. You can go to this URL around the globe. You can go to this URL around the globe. You can go to this URL or scan that QR code to take you to the or scan that QR code to take you to the or scan that QR code to take you to the Luma calendar where you'll see hundred Luma calendar where you'll see hundred Luma calendar where you'll see hundred events. I'm doing one in Portland in events. I'm doing one in Portland in events. I'm doing one in Portland in October. So, if you're in the Portland October. So, if you're in the Portland October. So, if you're in the Portland area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, area, hope to see you. Portland, Oregon, not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. not Maine. Uh, so hope to see you there. And these are really awesome to see the And these are really awesome to see the And these are really awesome to see the community come together. Also, I want to community come together. Also, I want to community come together. Also, I want to point out that our little buddy does point out that our little buddy does
[00:44:00] point out that our little buddy does need a name. need a name. need a name. >> He does. >> He does. >> He does. >> And we have a whole survey that the >> And we have a whole survey that the >> And we have a whole survey that the team's been putting on for a chance to team's been putting on for a chance to team's been putting on for a chance to win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max win a whole month of GitHub Copilot Max if the name is selected. Now, you can go if the name is selected. Now, you can go if the name is selected. Now, you can go ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, ahead and go to ak.ms/vscode-p, the same command inside of VS Code. But the same command inside of VS Code. But the same command inside of VS Code. But the team's been cooking up a little the team's been cooking up a little the team's been cooking up a little trailer, so let's go ahead and play that trailer, so let's go ahead and play that trailer, so let's go ahead and play that now. right, that's going to do it for this,
[00:45:00] right, that's going to do it for this, but we have so much more in store. So, but we have so much more in store. So, but we have so much more in store. So, as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks as always, happy coding. Pierce, thanks for being here. And over to you, Burke. for being here. And over to you, Burke. for being here. And over to you, Burke. Hey, thank you so much, James and Hey, thank you so much, James and Hey, thank you so much, James and Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That Pierce. I love the VS Code pet. That thing is awesome. Uh, send in your thing is awesome. Uh, send in your thing is awesome. Uh, send in your names. Don't don't send in Bodie names. Don't don't send in Bodie names. Don't don't send in Bodie McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent McBoatface, okay? Someone's already sent that in. Don't, please don't do that. that in. Don't, please don't do that. that in. Don't, please don't do that. Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so Now, that was amazing. Uh, there was so many things in there, things that even I many things in there, things that even I many things in there, things that even I didn't know existed. The mobile canvas didn't know existed. The mobile canvas didn't know existed. The mobile canvas is awesome. It makes me want to build a is awesome. It makes me want to build a is awesome. It makes me want to build a mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas, mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas,
[00:45:30] mobile app. So, uh, in the I need ideas, though. So, please in the chat, give me though. So, please in the chat, give me though. So, please in the chat, give me an idea for the next um, multi-billion an idea for the next um, multi-billion an idea for the next um, multi-billion dollar mobile app so I can get right on dollar mobile app so I can get right on dollar mobile app so I can get right on that. Now, when I do build apps, one of that. Now, when I do build apps, one of that. Now, when I do build apps, one of the first things I do is use a skill the first things I do is use a skill the first things I do is use a skill called Grill Me. And grill me is might called Grill Me. And grill me is might called Grill Me. And grill me is might be one of the most popular skills out be one of the most popular skills out be one of the most popular skills out there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it there. Um, I'm sure a lot of you use it and it's just where the AI asks you a and it's just where the AI asks you a and it's just where the AI asks you a ton of questions to help you figure out ton of questions to help you figure out ton of questions to help you figure out exactly what you want to build. And we exactly what you want to build. And we exactly what you want to build. And we are excited to have the creator of that are excited to have the creator of that are excited to have the creator of that skill and many others here today to talk skill and many others here today to talk
[00:46:01] skill and many others here today to talk to us a little bit about skills. So to us a little bit about skills. So to us a little bit about skills. So without further ado, it's the man who without further ado, it's the man who without further ado, it's the man who literally has the solution for your literally has the solution for your literally has the solution for your skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. skill issues, Mr. Matt PCO. Hello folks. Thank you so much for Hello folks. Thank you so much for Hello folks. Thank you so much for having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my having me. Um I've got a hot mic in my ear by the way just for the production ear by the way just for the production ear by the way just for the production team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to team. Um so I'm extremely delighted to be here and I've been somehow come into be here and I've been somehow come into be here and I've been somehow come into possession of the most or the second possession of the most or the second possession of the most or the second most popular skills repo in the world. most popular skills repo in the world.
[00:46:31] most popular skills repo in the world. I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire I'm coming to you from sunny Oxfordshire right now and I'm going to introduce to right now and I'm going to introduce to right now and I'm going to introduce to you to the skills repo and also you to the skills repo and also you to the skills repo and also maybe look at a couple of new things maybe look at a couple of new things maybe look at a couple of new things that are coming to the skills repo and that are coming to the skills repo and that are coming to the skills repo and how you can apply those in GitHub how you can apply those in GitHub how you can apply those in GitHub copilot. So first of all let me show you copilot. So first of all let me show you copilot. So first of all let me show you the repo. We are up to around 259k stars the repo. We are up to around 259k stars the repo. We are up to around 259k stars which is fairly wild to me. I never which is fairly wild to me. I never which is fairly wild to me. I never really thought we would get there and really thought we would get there and really thought we would get there and the place we're going to start is in the place we're going to start is in the place we're going to start is in the main flow here. So the idea of these main flow here. So the idea of these main flow here. So the idea of these skills is you can really ship any size skills is you can really ship any size
[00:47:02] skills is you can really ship any size of work that you want to. And the place of work that you want to. And the place of work that you want to. And the place we pretty much always start is with this we pretty much always start is with this we pretty much always start is with this grill with docs skill. For those who grill with docs skill. For those who grill with docs skill. For those who haven't used my skills before, this is haven't used my skills before, this is haven't used my skills before, this is essentially a way to align yourself with essentially a way to align yourself with essentially a way to align yourself with the agent. And it means that like it's the agent. And it means that like it's the agent. And it means that like it's so often that you will get the agent and so often that you will get the agent and so often that you will get the agent and you will look at the work that they've you will look at the work that they've you will look at the work that they've done and they will just have not done and they will just have not done and they will just have not produced the thing that you want them produced the thing that you want them produced the thing that you want them to. And so doing a kind of preession to. And so doing a kind of preession to. And so doing a kind of preession grilling kind of before the agent does grilling kind of before the agent does
[00:47:33] grilling kind of before the agent does any work whatsoever I found has been any work whatsoever I found has been any work whatsoever I found has been absolutely essential. And this is what absolutely essential. And this is what absolutely essential. And this is what that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, that looks like in GitHub copilot. So, if we head over to the terminal here, I if we head over to the terminal here, I if we head over to the terminal here, I have been doing some actual real work on have been doing some actual real work on have been doing some actual real work on my repo this morning. My repo is a my repo this morning. My repo is a my repo this morning. My repo is a course video manager where I handle all course video manager where I handle all course video manager where I handle all of my video editing. I manage all of my of my video editing. I manage all of my of my video editing. I manage all of my course videos. And let's take a look at course videos. And let's take a look at course videos. And let's take a look at what that actually looked like. So, what that actually looked like. So, what that actually looked like. So, what I did first of all is I use GitHub I did first of all is I use GitHub I did first of all is I use GitHub issues to coordinate all the things I issues to coordinate all the things I issues to coordinate all the things I want to change about the repo itself. want to change about the repo itself.
[00:48:04] want to change about the repo itself. This means that keeping those outside of This means that keeping those outside of This means that keeping those outside of the repo, I just get a lot more value in the repo, I just get a lot more value in the repo, I just get a lot more value in pumping those into uh automated loops, pumping those into uh automated loops, pumping those into uh automated loops, in passing them directly to agents, and in passing them directly to agents, and in passing them directly to agents, and sometimes even just triggering them via sometimes even just triggering them via sometimes even just triggering them via labels. But that's kind of outside the labels. But that's kind of outside the labels. But that's kind of outside the scope for today. But what that looks scope for today. But what that looks scope for today. But what that looks like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can like in GitHub Copilot is it means I can just go into issues. I can press W here just go into issues. I can press W here just go into issues. I can press W here to open up a work tree and I ended up to open up a work tree and I ended up to open up a work tree and I ended up inside this work tree here. So this inside this work tree here. So this inside this work tree here. So this little example, if I press enter to go little example, if I press enter to go little example, if I press enter to go in, what happens is I just literally say in, what happens is I just literally say in, what happens is I just literally say grill with docs issue 1612. And this grill with docs issue 1612. And this
[00:48:36] grill with docs issue 1612. And this issue was one that I actually needed to issue was one that I actually needed to issue was one that I actually needed to fix. It's basically adding something fix. It's basically adding something fix. It's basically adding something into the CLI that comes served with this into the CLI that comes served with this into the CLI that comes served with this uh course video manager. Now what uh course video manager. Now what uh course video manager. Now what happened first is it goes and does an happened first is it goes and does an happened first is it goes and does an exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. exploration in a sub agent. Very nice. And once it's done the exploration, once And once it's done the exploration, once And once it's done the exploration, once it understands what it wants to grill me it understands what it wants to grill me it understands what it wants to grill me about, then it begins asking its about, then it begins asking its about, then it begins asking its questions. And so these questions here, questions. And so these questions here, questions. And so these questions here, supported hierarchy selectors. So the supported hierarchy selectors. So the supported hierarchy selectors. So the problem here is that I've got an entity problem here is that I've got an entity problem here is that I've got an entity that I want to fetch called a beat. And that I want to fetch called a beat. And that I want to fetch called a beat. And that beat is attached to videos, but it that beat is attached to videos, but it
[00:49:08] that beat is attached to videos, but it wants to be able to search not only on wants to be able to search not only on wants to be able to search not only on videos, but on lessons where there are videos, but on lessons where there are videos, but on lessons where there are multiple videos and on sections where multiple videos and on sections where multiple videos and on sections where there are multiple lessons beneath that. there are multiple lessons beneath that. there are multiple lessons beneath that. And so it says, okay, both selectors And so it says, okay, both selectors And so it says, okay, both selectors mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use mutually exclusive. I'm going to um use a dictation tool to just answer these a dictation tool to just answer these a dictation tool to just answer these questions fully because I kind of questions fully because I kind of questions fully because I kind of prepped a little bit for this. so I know prepped a little bit for this. so I know prepped a little bit for this. so I know what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should what I'm doing. Yeah, I think we should use um all three supported hierarchy use um all three supported hierarchy use um all three supported hierarchy selectors. I think using the selectors. I think using the selectors. I think using the deterministic hierarchy order makes deterministic hierarchy order makes deterministic hierarchy order makes sense. And then videos with an empty sense. And then videos with an empty sense. And then videos with an empty plan, I think we can just exclude them. plan, I think we can just exclude them.
[00:49:39] plan, I think we can just exclude them. I don't think we need to add any kind of I don't think we need to add any kind of I don't think we need to add any kind of uh extra signal in there. uh extra signal in there. uh extra signal in there. So now that's gone in. I'm just going to So now that's gone in. I'm just going to So now that's gone in. I'm just going to press return there. And it's now going press return there. And it's now going press return there. And it's now going to ask me the next round of questions. to ask me the next round of questions. to ask me the next round of questions. In other words, what Grill with Docs is In other words, what Grill with Docs is In other words, what Grill with Docs is doing is it's pushing out the frontier doing is it's pushing out the frontier doing is it's pushing out the frontier of these questions and we're reaching of these questions and we're reaching of these questions and we're reaching alignment slower and slower or rather alignment slower and slower or rather alignment slower and slower or rather faster and faster and faster. So, it's faster and faster and faster. So, it's faster and faster and faster. So, it's gone and kicked off another explore gone and kicked off another explore gone and kicked off another explore agent and while it's kicking off the agent and while it's kicking off the agent and while it's kicking off the explore agent, it's going to ask me some explore agent, it's going to ask me some explore agent, it's going to ask me some more questions. This level of alignment more questions. This level of alignment more questions. This level of alignment basically means that you and the agent basically means that you and the agent
[00:50:10] basically means that you and the agent are reaching a shared understanding are reaching a shared understanding are reaching a shared understanding together. You are figuring out where together. You are figuring out where together. You are figuring out where you're going together. And this is you're going together. And this is you're going together. And this is really useful in situations where you really useful in situations where you really useful in situations where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you have lots of unknown unknowns where you don't quite know where you're going. And don't quite know where you're going. And don't quite know where you're going. And so I absolutely love this. But then what so I absolutely love this. But then what so I absolutely love this. But then what happens next? What do you do after happens next? What do you do after happens next? What do you do after you've done a grilling session? Well, you've done a grilling session? Well, you've done a grilling session? Well, let's take a look at what happened next. let's take a look at what happened next. let's take a look at what happened next. So in my real version here, what I did, So in my real version here, what I did, So in my real version here, what I did, this is fairly long chat history. We did this is fairly long chat history. We did this is fairly long chat history. We did our grilling session. It did a bunch of our grilling session. It did a bunch of our grilling session. It did a bunch of asked user bunch of questions. asked the asked user bunch of questions. asked the
[00:50:41] asked user bunch of questions. asked the user more questions and then it kicked user more questions and then it kicked user more questions and then it kicked off and actually implemented it. So what off and actually implemented it. So what off and actually implemented it. So what grill we what grill with docs does is it grill we what grill with docs does is it grill we what grill with docs does is it takes that set of questions that it takes that set of questions that it takes that set of questions that it asked you and then tries to reach a asked you and then tries to reach a asked you and then tries to reach a shared understanding with you and then shared understanding with you and then shared understanding with you and then what we end up with is a nice little what we end up with is a nice little what we end up with is a nice little pull request. So if I head into the PR pull request. So if I head into the PR pull request. So if I head into the PR itself, I've done a little trick itself, I've done a little trick itself, I've done a little trick actually in the PR which I'm rather actually in the PR which I'm rather actually in the PR which I'm rather proud of and it's actually not my trick, proud of and it's actually not my trick, proud of and it's actually not my trick, it's somebody else's. So if we take a it's somebody else's. So if we take a it's somebody else's. So if we take a look at uh where was the PR here? It was look at uh where was the PR here? It was
[00:51:12] look at uh where was the PR here? It was uh add uh add uh add this one add bulk section and lesson this one add bulk section and lesson this one add bulk section and lesson beat lists. Now this PR body probably beat lists. Now this PR body probably beat lists. Now this PR body probably looks rather nice to you. What we have looks rather nice to you. What we have looks rather nice to you. What we have is we have this rather nice little diff is we have this rather nice little diff is we have this rather nice little diff showing exactly what has changed about showing exactly what has changed about showing exactly what has changed about the CLI. You have just this very small the CLI. You have just this very small the CLI. You have just this very small amount of preserves the current compact amount of preserves the current compact amount of preserves the current compact uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, uh excludes uh archive beats, lessons, etc. And we have a nice little mermaid etc. And we have a nice little mermaid etc. And we have a nice little mermaid diagram which we can open up here. So we diagram which we can open up here. So we diagram which we can open up here. So we see that sections, okay, sections see that sections, okay, sections see that sections, okay, sections contain lessons that have a fractional contain lessons that have a fractional
[00:51:43] contain lessons that have a fractional order. Lessons contain videos and we can order. Lessons contain videos and we can order. Lessons contain videos and we can access those with the lesson. And then access those with the lesson. And then access those with the lesson. And then videos contain the beats with their videos contain the beats with their videos contain the beats with their fractional order. You know, this is a fractional order. You know, this is a fractional order. You know, this is a real application. There's stuff real application. There's stuff real application. There's stuff relatively complex here. And we can dive relatively complex here. And we can dive relatively complex here. And we can dive into this mermaid diagram and this diff into this mermaid diagram and this diff into this mermaid diagram and this diff and understand it a lot better. And the and understand it a lot better. And the and understand it a lot better. And the thing that's firing here, the thing that's firing here, the thing that's firing here, the thing that's making this look nice is not my that's making this look nice is not my that's making this look nice is not my skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out skill. Actually, I'm going to shout out Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills Dexter Horthy at Human Layer Skills who's written a brilliant skill called who's written a brilliant skill called who's written a brilliant skill called Show Me. Helps the user understands the Show Me. Helps the user understands the
[00:52:13] Show Me. Helps the user understands the current topic visually with concise current topic visually with concise current topic visually with concise diagrams, code shaped sketches, and diagrams, code shaped sketches, and diagrams, code shaped sketches, and focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just focused HTML artifacts. I mean, just look at this stuff. look at this stuff. look at this stuff. This is basically a really nice This is basically a really nice This is basically a really nice set of tools for understanding how code set of tools for understanding how code set of tools for understanding how code changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like changes. we have a pseudo code. Um like if you have changes to an algorithm if you have changes to an algorithm if you have changes to an algorithm that's relatively complicated, we can that's relatively complicated, we can that's relatively complicated, we can show it as pseudo code. We can show it as pseudo code. We can show it as pseudo code. We can show runtime control flow as a call tree runtime control flow as a call tree runtime control flow as a call tree here. This UI structure one is amazing here. This UI structure one is amazing here. This UI structure one is amazing for front-end components because it for front-end components because it for front-end components because it shows exactly where each component is. shows exactly where each component is.
[00:52:44] shows exactly where each component is. It can sort of show stuff changing It can sort of show stuff changing It can sort of show stuff changing across different components and across different components and across different components and different files. And then we have different files. And then we have different files. And then we have mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub mermaid diagrams of course which GitHub handles naturally. And we have file handles naturally. And we have file handles naturally. And we have file responsibility and all that stuff. The responsibility and all that stuff. The responsibility and all that stuff. The one I really like is diff. So using diff one I really like is diff. So using diff one I really like is diff. So using diff for component changes, for file layout for component changes, for file layout for component changes, for file layout changes, for call tree and call stack changes, for call tree and call stack changes, for call tree and call stack changes. And what this skill does is it changes. And what this skill does is it changes. And what this skill does is it really encourages the agent to push really encourages the agent to push really encourages the agent to push towards using these uh sort of diff towards using these uh sort of diff towards using these uh sort of diff views instead of writing a bunch of views instead of writing a bunch of
[00:53:15] views instead of writing a bunch of stuff in text. And so the nice thing stuff in text. And so the nice thing stuff in text. And so the nice thing about this PR is that it's really short about this PR is that it's really short about this PR is that it's really short to read. You know, there's less than 100 to read. You know, there's less than 100 to read. You know, there's less than 100 words here. And once you've dived in to words here. And once you've dived in to words here. And once you've dived in to understand the mermaid diagram, you dive understand the mermaid diagram, you dive understand the mermaid diagram, you dive into understand the diff, it's pretty into understand the diff, it's pretty into understand the diff, it's pretty nice. And so as part of the skill or nice. And so as part of the skill or nice. And so as part of the skill or part of this session here, which is uh part of this session here, which is uh part of this session here, which is uh back here, at some point in the session, back here, at some point in the session, back here, at some point in the session, I said, okay, use show me to create the I said, okay, use show me to create the I said, okay, use show me to create the PR. Now, what happens next? So, one PR. Now, what happens next? So, one PR. Now, what happens next? So, one thing I'm really interested in is sure, thing I'm really interested in is sure, thing I'm really interested in is sure, you've got this PR, but how do we make you've got this PR, but how do we make
[00:53:45] you've got this PR, but how do we make sure that before the human gets to this sure that before the human gets to this sure that before the human gets to this PR, how do we make sure that this PR is PR, how do we make sure that this PR is PR, how do we make sure that this PR is of high enough quality that we can of high enough quality that we can of high enough quality that we can really um guarantee that the user's time really um guarantee that the user's time really um guarantee that the user's time is not wasted, right? Because is not wasted, right? Because is not wasted, right? Because I just hate and this is something that I just hate and this is something that I just hate and this is something that comes up again and again and again when comes up again and again and again when comes up again and again and again when I work with teams and try to get their I work with teams and try to get their I work with teams and try to get their processes better. Like so many teams are processes better. Like so many teams are processes better. Like so many teams are going, "Okay, PRs are now the going, "Okay, PRs are now the going, "Okay, PRs are now the bottleneck. How do we get through the bottleneck. How do we get through the bottleneck. How do we get through the enormous amount of PRs that we're enormous amount of PRs that we're enormous amount of PRs that we're seeing?" And sure, we can improve the seeing?" And sure, we can improve the
[00:54:16] seeing?" And sure, we can improve the DX, right? We can improve this view to DX, right? We can improve this view to DX, right? We can improve this view to make sure that it's as easy to review as make sure that it's as easy to review as make sure that it's as easy to review as possible, but we also need to make sure possible, but we also need to make sure possible, but we also need to make sure that the code itself is of high enough that the code itself is of high enough that the code itself is of high enough quality. And so for that, I recommend quality. And so for that, I recommend quality. And so for that, I recommend using my code review skill. So after using my code review skill. So after using my code review skill. So after implementation, I recommend running this implementation, I recommend running this implementation, I recommend running this code review skill. It's somewhere in the code review skill. It's somewhere in the code review skill. It's somewhere in the history here. And this code review history here. And this code review history here. And this code review skill, what it does, there you go. skill, what it does, there you go. skill, what it does, there you go. There's the show me that we had before. There's the show me that we had before. There's the show me that we had before. What code review does is it first What code review does is it first What code review does is it first figures out what you're diffing against, figures out what you're diffing against, figures out what you're diffing against, what has changed, and it's using origin what has changed, and it's using origin
[00:54:47] what has changed, and it's using origin main as the fix point here. It then main as the fix point here. It then main as the fix point here. It then searches for any um coding standards searches for any um coding standards searches for any um coding standards that you've got inside your repo. You that you've got inside your repo. You that you've got inside your repo. You can see GitHub Copilot searching for the can see GitHub Copilot searching for the can see GitHub Copilot searching for the coding standards here. It's reading the coding standards here. It's reading the coding standards here. It's reading the claw.md files and it now does two claw.md files and it now does two claw.md files and it now does two things. it spawns a sub agent to check things. it spawns a sub agent to check things. it spawns a sub agent to check for those coding standards. So it's for those coding standards. So it's for those coding standards. So it's checking whether the actual um code that checking whether the actual um code that checking whether the actual um code that was implemented corresponds to the stuff was implemented corresponds to the stuff was implemented corresponds to the stuff you've written that you know we need to you've written that you know we need to you've written that you know we need to do it this way we need to do it X way do it this way we need to do it X way
[00:55:17] do it this way we need to do it X way and I have a list of coding standards and I have a list of coding standards and I have a list of coding standards that I keep in my repo that I append to that I keep in my repo that I append to that I keep in my repo that I append to when things go wrong and we'll talk when things go wrong and we'll talk when things go wrong and we'll talk about that in a minute. Then it's also about that in a minute. Then it's also about that in a minute. Then it's also doing a spec check. So it's doing a doing a spec check. So it's doing a doing a spec check. So it's doing a check against what I actually specified check against what I actually specified check against what I actually specified using this conversation history making using this conversation history making using this conversation history making sure that the thing that was built is sure that the thing that was built is sure that the thing that was built is actually the thing that we wanted. And actually the thing that we wanted. And actually the thing that we wanted. And what this means is because we're doing what this means is because we're doing what this means is because we're doing these in sub aents these are clean these in sub aents these are clean these in sub aents these are clean context windows. It means that the agent context windows. It means that the agent context windows. It means that the agent drops a lot of its preconceptions we get drops a lot of its preconceptions we get drops a lot of its preconceptions we get a new trajectory in the conversation and a new trajectory in the conversation and
[00:55:48] a new trajectory in the conversation and is often able to surface stuff that you is often able to surface stuff that you is often able to surface stuff that you hadn't considered before. And so looks hadn't considered before. And so looks hadn't considered before. And so looks like our spec came back with no like our spec came back with no like our spec came back with no findings. That's nice. and standards. findings. That's nice. and standards. findings. That's nice. and standards. There's one judgment call duplicated There's one judgment call duplicated There's one judgment call duplicated beat learning goal relation beat learning goal relation beat learning goal relation configuration in DB beat services configuration in DB beat services configuration in DB beat services operations. Okay, interesting. If we go operations. Okay, interesting. If we go operations. Okay, interesting. If we go into GitHub copilot, we can see that into GitHub copilot, we can see that into GitHub copilot, we can see that this was created as a commit here. So, this was created as a commit here. So, this was created as a commit here. So, dduplicate beat relation query. Let's dduplicate beat relation query. Let's dduplicate beat relation query. Let's review here and we can see that okay, review here and we can see that okay, review here and we can see that okay, what it did was before we had a bit of what it did was before we had a bit of what it did was before we had a bit of duplicated configuration between two duplicated configuration between two
[00:56:18] duplicated configuration between two calls and it turned that into an as uh calls and it turned that into an as uh calls and it turned that into an as uh kind of object here to figure that out. kind of object here to figure that out. kind of object here to figure that out. That's nice. That's a nice little That's nice. That's a nice little That's nice. That's a nice little change. And all of that happens, code change. And all of that happens, code change. And all of that happens, code review happens before the user goes to review happens before the user goes to review happens before the user goes to review. I think there's this prevailing review. I think there's this prevailing review. I think there's this prevailing idea with uh AI code review that the idea with uh AI code review that the idea with uh AI code review that the code review should then go to the human code review should then go to the human code review should then go to the human to figure out what should change next or to figure out what should change next or to figure out what should change next or whether we should actually implement whether we should actually implement whether we should actually implement these things. In other words, the output these things. In other words, the output these things. In other words, the output of most code review skills is comments. of most code review skills is comments. of most code review skills is comments. I believe that code review is kind of I believe that code review is kind of
[00:56:49] I believe that code review is kind of part of the implementation flow and so part of the implementation flow and so part of the implementation flow and so it's kind of like a traditional red it's kind of like a traditional red it's kind of like a traditional red green refactor. The implementer agent is green refactor. The implementer agent is green refactor. The implementer agent is responsible for doing the red green like responsible for doing the red green like responsible for doing the red green like just getting the thing working and then just getting the thing working and then just getting the thing working and then the refactor is done by these review the refactor is done by these review the refactor is done by these review agents that I've been working with. So agents that I've been working with. So agents that I've been working with. So that means we end up with a PR that is that means we end up with a PR that is that means we end up with a PR that is pretty nice to review. And actually pretty nice to review. And actually pretty nice to review. And actually looking down the code here, I can see, looking down the code here, I can see, looking down the code here, I can see, okay, there's something that is sort of okay, there's something that is sort of okay, there's something that is sort of stressing me out a little bit. It's not stressing me out a little bit. It's not stressing me out a little bit. It's not anything to do with a command here or anything to do with a command here or anything to do with a command here or any of this stuff. I just had a little any of this stuff. I just had a little
[00:57:19] any of this stuff. I just had a little look and I realized, oh, okay, this look and I realized, oh, okay, this look and I realized, oh, okay, this where is this? this RPC layer here. I've where is this? this RPC layer here. I've where is this? this RPC layer here. I've got a feeling that this is not very type got a feeling that this is not very type got a feeling that this is not very type safe. Had a little look inside the code safe. Had a little look inside the code safe. Had a little look inside the code and I realized ah that's pretty gross and I realized ah that's pretty gross and I realized ah that's pretty gross actually. I really don't like that. And actually. I really don't like that. And actually. I really don't like that. And so what I realized is I want to I don't so what I realized is I want to I don't so what I realized is I want to I don't want to block this PR but as part of want to block this PR but as part of want to block this PR but as part of this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I this PR merging or maybe uh in a stack I want to take a look at that work take a want to take a look at that work take a want to take a look at that work take a look at this code and maybe think about look at this code and maybe think about look at this code and maybe think about improving the architecture of it. And improving the architecture of it. And improving the architecture of it. And for that we have a lovely skill for that we have a lovely skill
[00:57:51] for that we have a lovely skill which is in the upkeep section which is which is in the upkeep section which is which is in the upkeep section which is called improve codebase architecture. called improve codebase architecture. called improve codebase architecture. What this skill does is it takes a look What this skill does is it takes a look What this skill does is it takes a look at your repo and you can give it a at your repo and you can give it a at your repo and you can give it a little nudge for the things you want it little nudge for the things you want it little nudge for the things you want it to take a look at. And what it does is to take a look at. And what it does is to take a look at. And what it does is it gives you a report based on the it gives you a report based on the it gives you a report based on the things that it thinks you should change. things that it thinks you should change. things that it thinks you should change. And this report can be incredibly And this report can be incredibly And this report can be incredibly valuable. So if we take a look at the valuable. So if we take a look at the valuable. So if we take a look at the report that ours generated I think it's report that ours generated I think it's report that ours generated I think it's this one actually. Apologies for the this one actually. Apologies for the this one actually. Apologies for the sudden switch to light mode. Let me take sudden switch to light mode. Let me take sudden switch to light mode. Let me take a look at the um a look at the um
[00:58:22] a look at the um actual uh session which was inside improve uh session which was inside improve uh session which was inside improve codebase architecture planning. Now what codebase architecture planning. Now what codebase architecture planning. Now what I did was I called this with I want you I did was I called this with I want you I did was I called this with I want you to take a look at the recent PR and see to take a look at the recent PR and see to take a look at the recent PR and see if you can improve anything related to if you can improve anything related to if you can improve anything related to the RPC. Maybe make things more type the RPC. Maybe make things more type the RPC. Maybe make things more type safe. I'm not quite sure of the safe. I'm not quite sure of the safe. I'm not quite sure of the architecture around that area. I want architecture around that area. I want architecture around that area. I want you to take a look and offer some you to take a look and offer some you to take a look and offer some suggestions. This code is stuff that I suggestions. This code is stuff that I suggestions. This code is stuff that I haven't really authored myself. I've haven't really authored myself. I've haven't really authored myself. I've been kind of letting the AI run wild. been kind of letting the AI run wild. been kind of letting the AI run wild. I'm sure that folks have a have a strong I'm sure that folks have a have a strong I'm sure that folks have a have a strong sense of what that feels like. An sense of what that feels like. An sense of what that feels like. An improved codebase architecture here, improved codebase architecture here, improved codebase architecture here, what it produces is a very nice little what it produces is a very nice little
[00:58:54] what it produces is a very nice little diagram. The first thing it's saying is diagram. The first thing it's saying is diagram. The first thing it's saying is okay, these are its recommendations down okay, these are its recommendations down okay, these are its recommendations down here. Check every remote call. here. Check every remote call. here. Check every remote call. Interesting. So, it flags up the uh Interesting. So, it flags up the uh Interesting. So, it flags up the uh exact lines that it's looking for here exact lines that it's looking for here exact lines that it's looking for here and it's saying the problem. The remote and it's saying the problem. The remote and it's saying the problem. The remote adapter module is shallow at the scene. adapter module is shallow at the scene. adapter module is shallow at the scene. Each adapter checks calls that it has. Each adapter checks calls that it has. Each adapter checks calls that it has. It does not report a missing call. or It does not report a missing call. or It does not report a missing call. or the final cast tells Typescript that the final cast tells Typescript that the final cast tells Typescript that the adapter has every domain call. Now, this adapter has every domain call. Now, this adapter has every domain call. Now, this is pretty gnarly language that it's is pretty gnarly language that it's is pretty gnarly language that it's using here. And for this gnarly using here. And for this gnarly using here. And for this gnarly language, I actually have another skill language, I actually have another skill language, I actually have another skill that I really like. In fact, there's two
[00:59:24] that I really like. In fact, there's two that I really like. In fact, there's two skills. There is my skill, but I'm skills. There is my skill, but I'm skills. There is my skill, but I'm actually going to shout out someone actually going to shout out someone actually going to shout out someone else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And else's skill called uh PTO's skill. And PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer PTO here is a phenomenal skill writer and this is one you absolutely have to and this is one you absolutely have to and this is one you absolutely have to have in your library which is it have in your library which is it have in your library which is it basically takes AI text and it unslops basically takes AI text and it unslops basically takes AI text and it unslops it. So it turns it into really beautiful it. So it turns it into really beautiful it. So it turns it into really beautiful maybe not sure about beautiful but it maybe not sure about beautiful but it maybe not sure about beautiful but it takes out all of the AI tells from your takes out all of the AI tells from your takes out all of the AI tells from your work and it means that horrible sort of work and it means that horrible sort of
[00:59:55] work and it means that horrible sort of like um garbage like this the remote like um garbage like this the remote like um garbage like this the remote adapter module is shallow at the seam. adapter module is shallow at the seam. adapter module is shallow at the seam. you can actually get it to write it in you can actually get it to write it in you can actually get it to write it in much planer language. So I strongly much planer language. So I strongly much planer language. So I strongly recommend that if you're interested in recommend that if you're interested in recommend that if you're interested in an unsloped skill. However, I do you an unsloped skill. However, I do you an unsloped skill. However, I do you know I do understand what it means and I know I do understand what it means and I know I do understand what it means and I do like this idea. Okay, we can just do like this idea. Okay, we can just do like this idea. Okay, we can just reduce make it a bit more simple here reduce make it a bit more simple here reduce make it a bit more simple here with there's a little bit down the with there's a little bit down the with there's a little bit down the bottom here that I also liked as well. bottom here that I also liked as well. bottom here that I also liked as well. So this is sort of a deep module coming So this is sort of a deep module coming So this is sort of a deep module coming out from a lots of shallow modules. So out from a lots of shallow modules. So out from a lots of shallow modules. So what I did was I decided okay let's what I did was I decided okay let's what I did was I decided okay let's actually implement that. Now what does actually implement that. Now what does
[01:00:25] actually implement that. Now what does implementing something this complicated implementing something this complicated implementing something this complicated look like? Because the previous one I look like? Because the previous one I look like? Because the previous one I happen to know sort of the relative happen to know sort of the relative happen to know sort of the relative scope of what we were trying to do. I scope of what we were trying to do. I scope of what we were trying to do. I knew that we could walk through it just knew that we could walk through it just knew that we could walk through it just in a single session. We wouldn't need to in a single session. We wouldn't need to in a single session. We wouldn't need to um do it over multiple sessions. In um do it over multiple sessions. In um do it over multiple sessions. In other words, we just did grow with docs, other words, we just did grow with docs, other words, we just did grow with docs, then we implemented it and then we used then we implemented it and then we used then we implemented it and then we used code review at the bottom. But for code review at the bottom. But for code review at the bottom. But for things that might cross over multiple things that might cross over multiple things that might cross over multiple sessions or might spiral out of control sessions or might spiral out of control sessions or might spiral out of control in terms of the size, then I recommend a in terms of the size, then I recommend a in terms of the size, then I recommend a different approach. You can do grill different approach. You can do grill
[01:00:56] different approach. You can do grill with docs and or in our case we've kind with docs and or in our case we've kind with docs and or in our case we've kind of got something pretty workable of got something pretty workable of got something pretty workable already. We can go improve codebase already. We can go improve codebase already. We can go improve codebase architecture and then turn that into a architecture and then turn that into a architecture and then turn that into a spec. Now the point of a spec is if we spec. Now the point of a spec is if we spec. Now the point of a spec is if we take a look at our GitHub issues in take a look at our GitHub issues in take a look at our GitHub issues in here, we can take a look at this spec here, we can take a look at this spec here, we can take a look at this spec that I created which is uh I think it is that I created which is uh I think it is that I created which is uh I think it is here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and here. Make the CVM RPC call mappings and forwarding type save. What I ended up forwarding type save. What I ended up forwarding type save. What I ended up doing was I turned that really nice um doing was I turned that really nice um
[01:01:27] doing was I turned that really nice um sort of diagram here, this uh spec of sort of diagram here, this uh spec of sort of diagram here, this uh spec of what was supposed to be done and I what was supposed to be done and I what was supposed to be done and I turned it into a proper spec where we turned it into a proper spec where we turned it into a proper spec where we had user stories. We have a solution had user stories. We have a solution had user stories. We have a solution here and a problem as well as a bunch of here and a problem as well as a bunch of here and a problem as well as a bunch of implementation decisions and kind of implementation decisions and kind of implementation decisions and kind of specking out exactly what I wanted from specking out exactly what I wanted from specking out exactly what I wanted from the work and then we call a different the work and then we call a different the work and then we call a different skill under that to create the actual skill under that to create the actual skill under that to create the actual tickets that correspond to making the tickets that correspond to making the tickets that correspond to making the spec reality. So this spec is spec reality. So this spec is spec reality. So this spec is essentially the destination and these essentially the destination and these essentially the destination and these tickets are the journey and what I did tickets are the journey and what I did
[01:01:57] tickets are the journey and what I did is all of this was done inside one is all of this was done inside one is all of this was done inside one session inside the planning session and session inside the planning session and session inside the planning session and you can see that it's published two you can see that it's published two you can see that it's published two independent tickets right at the bottom independent tickets right at the bottom independent tickets right at the bottom and I've been using two tickets there and I've been using two tickets there and I've been using two tickets there and then in a separate session I did the and then in a separate session I did the and then in a separate session I did the implementation and this implementation and this implementation and this implementation will be quite new to anyone who's used will be quite new to anyone who's used will be quite new to anyone who's used my skills before which is I used a skill my skills before which is I used a skill my skills before which is I used a skill called implement called implement called implement spec and I just sent it the spec. So spec and I just sent it the spec. So spec and I just sent it the spec. So what it did first is it went and mapped what it did first is it went and mapped what it did first is it went and mapped the tickets dependencies and then opened the tickets dependencies and then opened the tickets dependencies and then opened a draft PR and then those two tickets it a draft PR and then those two tickets it
[01:02:29] a draft PR and then those two tickets it turned out were independent so they turned out were independent so they turned out were independent so they could be worked on by themselves could be worked on by themselves could be worked on by themselves independently. And so what it did was it independently. And so what it did was it independently. And so what it did was it worked them independently on separate worked them independently on separate worked them independently on separate work trees and branches. So we have work trees and branches. So we have work trees and branches. So we have parallelization here. We're able to parallelization here. We're able to parallelization here. We're able to spawn out multiple sub aents to put them spawn out multiple sub aents to put them spawn out multiple sub aents to put them on different work trees. GitHub Copilot on different work trees. GitHub Copilot on different work trees. GitHub Copilot is handling all of this for me. And then is handling all of this for me. And then is handling all of this for me. And then it rebased them together and yeah, it rebased them together and yeah, it rebased them together and yeah, merged into draft PR. Everything's merged into draft PR. Everything's merged into draft PR. Everything's working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There working. Uh merge adapter ticket. There we go. And then it did a code review at we go. And then it did a code review at
[01:03:00] we go. And then it did a code review at the end. So one thing that this skill the end. So one thing that this skill the end. So one thing that this skill does really nicely is we can actually does really nicely is we can actually does really nicely is we can actually take a look at the skill in a minute is take a look at the skill in a minute is take a look at the skill in a minute is it runs an exploration agent. It runs it runs an exploration agent. It runs it runs an exploration agent. It runs everything it can in parallel and then everything it can in parallel and then everything it can in parallel and then it code reviews it at the end and fixes it code reviews it at the end and fixes it code reviews it at the end and fixes everything it finds. everything it finds. everything it finds. So once we get to there, there we go. So once we get to there, there we go. So once we get to there, there we go. You can see the code review running. You can see the code review running. You can see the code review running. You can see it fixing the review findings. can see it fixing the review findings. can see it fixing the review findings. We ended up with a pretty nice PR that We ended up with a pretty nice PR that We ended up with a pretty nice PR that we can actually just stack on top of the we can actually just stack on top of the we can actually just stack on top of the other one. So here is the original PR. other one. So here is the original PR. other one. So here is the original PR. Oh no, here we go. No, this is the Oh no, here we go. No, this is the
[01:03:31] Oh no, here we go. No, this is the proper PR. It closes all of the tickets proper PR. It closes all of the tickets proper PR. It closes all of the tickets that we created. Closes the spec. It that we created. Closes the spec. It that we created. Closes the spec. It closes the each individual ticket. And closes the each individual ticket. And closes the each individual ticket. And then we get a nice thing that we can then we get a nice thing that we can then we get a nice thing that we can actually merge on top of it in order to actually merge on top of it in order to actually merge on top of it in order to make our operations type safe in future. make our operations type safe in future. make our operations type safe in future. So that's the flow is if you want to So that's the flow is if you want to So that's the flow is if you want to make your code actually um function make your code actually um function make your code actually um function better over time and clear up some of better over time and clear up some of better over time and clear up some of the slop, you end up with these nice the slop, you end up with these nice the slop, you end up with these nice architecture reviews that you can just architecture reviews that you can just architecture reviews that you can just keep working on. But what about if you keep working on. But what about if you keep working on. But what about if you want to actually take this approach, want to actually take this approach,
[01:04:02] want to actually take this approach, take this unslopping approach and apply take this unslopping approach and apply take this unslopping approach and apply it to your own agent, to your agents it to your own agent, to your agents it to your own agent, to your agents environment. What do you do then? Well, environment. What do you do then? Well, environment. What do you do then? Well, I've got a new skill. And this new skill I've got a new skill. And this new skill I've got a new skill. And this new skill is called retro. Retro, take the four is called retro. Retro, take the four is called retro. Retro, take the four most recent sessions and do a retro on most recent sessions and do a retro on most recent sessions and do a retro on them. And a retro comes from the word them. And a retro comes from the word them. And a retro comes from the word retrospective where at the end of a retrospective where at the end of a retrospective where at the end of a piece of work, you look back over what piece of work, you look back over what piece of work, you look back over what you've done and see what you can you've done and see what you can you've done and see what you can improve. And so agents are pretty good improve. And so agents are pretty good improve. And so agents are pretty good at this because a lot of agents have at this because a lot of agents have
[01:04:32] at this because a lot of agents have access to their own session history. So access to their own session history. So access to their own session history. So does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you does GitHub copilot. So it reads the you know most recent sessions reads the know most recent sessions reads the know most recent sessions reads the implementation session the architecture implementation session the architecture implementation session the architecture session looks for all the session looks for all the session looks for all the session artifacts and the session checkpoints artifacts and the session checkpoints artifacts and the session checkpoints and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. and then it suggests a bunch of ideas. So we can see the implement spec run So we can see the implement spec run So we can see the implement spec run created PR directly from the active created PR directly from the active created PR directly from the active feature branch rather than its intended feature branch rather than its intended feature branch rather than its intended base. So there was a little bit of base. So there was a little bit of base. So there was a little bit of confusion there with the agent. So it's confusion there with the agent. So it's confusion there with the agent. So it's saying you probably need to change the saying you probably need to change the saying you probably need to change the skill a little bit. Tighten skill a little bit. Tighten skill a little bit. Tighten implementation specs integration branch implementation specs integration branch implementation specs integration branch step resolve the target base before step resolve the target base before
[01:05:02] step resolve the target base before creating anything. Then it's also creating anything. Then it's also creating anything. Then it's also looking at tool economy. So it's seeing looking at tool economy. So it's seeing looking at tool economy. So it's seeing are the tools that we're calling token are the tools that we're calling token are the tools that we're calling token efficient enough and also we're looking efficient enough and also we're looking efficient enough and also we're looking at navigation steps here. So this retro at navigation steps here. So this retro at navigation steps here. So this retro is something that's really exciting to is something that's really exciting to is something that's really exciting to me. It's something I'm going to continue me. It's something I'm going to continue me. It's something I'm going to continue working on and it builds on the main working on and it builds on the main working on and it builds on the main flow of the skills here where you grill flow of the skills here where you grill flow of the skills here where you grill you then uh either go and create spec you then uh either go and create spec you then uh either go and create spec and tickets to work it over multiple and tickets to work it over multiple and tickets to work it over multiple different sessions multiple sub aents. different sessions multiple sub aents. different sessions multiple sub aents. You then go to implement it. You then do You then go to implement it. You then do
[01:05:33] You then go to implement it. You then do a code review on it. And then you do a code review on it. And then you do a code review on it. And then you do a retro where you look for opportunities retro where you look for opportunities retro where you look for opportunities to do better next time. I'm excited to do better next time. I'm excited to do better next time. I'm excited about the growth of these skills. I'm about the growth of these skills. I'm about the growth of these skills. I'm excited about how so many people are excited about how so many people are excited about how so many people are going to get to work with them. And I going to get to work with them. And I going to get to work with them. And I just I love being able to package up my just I love being able to package up my just I love being able to package up my processes and send them to you. You can processes and send them to you. You can processes and send them to you. You can install them. You can modify them, install them. You can modify them, install them. You can modify them, fiddle with them. And I think that's so fiddle with them. And I think that's so fiddle with them. And I think that's so exciting for this era that we live so exciting for this era that we live so exciting for this era that we live in. I love it. So, thank you so much for in. I love it. So, thank you so much for in. I love it. So, thank you so much for watching. Have a great rest of Copilot watching. Have a great rest of Copilot watching. Have a great rest of Copilot Day. See you very soon. When an agent Day. See you very soon. When an agent Day. See you very soon. When an agent makes a change, you'll want to review makes a change, you'll want to review
[01:06:03] makes a change, you'll want to review it, run it, and see it. The good news is it, run it, and see it. The good news is it, run it, and see it. The good news is that you can do all three without that you can do all three without that you can do all three without leaving the app. Normally, those three leaving the app. Normally, those three leaving the app. Normally, those three jobs would mean bouncing between your jobs would mean bouncing between your jobs would mean bouncing between your editor, a terminal window, and a web editor, a terminal window, and a web editor, a terminal window, and a web browser. Here, they live side by side as browser. Here, they live side by side as browser. Here, they live side by side as built-in panels, so checking an agent's built-in panels, so checking an agent's built-in panels, so checking an agent's work is quick instead of a chore. A diff shows exactly what changed with A diff shows exactly what changed with additions in green and deletions in red, additions in green and deletions in red, additions in green and deletions in red, so nothing is a mystery. And you're not so nothing is a mystery. And you're not so nothing is a mystery. And you're not just a passive reader. You can accept just a passive reader. You can accept just a passive reader. You can accept changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot
[01:06:34] changes, leave comments, or ask Copilot to adjust. This is where you stay the to adjust. This is where you stay the to adjust. This is where you stay the decision maker, and nothing is final decision maker, and nothing is final decision maker, and nothing is final until you say so. That's the tight loop until you say so. That's the tight loop until you say so. That's the tight loop and the whole point. The faster you can and the whole point. The faster you can and the whole point. The faster you can go from change to confidence, the more go from change to confidence, the more go from change to confidence, the more comfortable you'll be letting agents comfortable you'll be letting agents comfortable you'll be letting agents help. Once we're happy, we can accept help. Once we're happy, we can accept help. Once we're happy, we can accept the change right here and create a PR the change right here and create a PR the change right here and create a PR and move on. Having review, run, and move on. Having review, run, and move on. Having review, run, and preview side by side is exactly what preview side by side is exactly what preview side by side is exactly what makes agent made changes feel safe makes agent made changes feel safe makes agent made changes feel safe instead of scary because you've seen the instead of scary because you've seen the instead of scary because you've seen the proof with your own eyes. Next time an proof with your own eyes. Next time an proof with your own eyes. Next time an agent edits your code, open the diff, agent edits your code, open the diff, agent edits your code, open the diff, run the tests, and preview it live run the tests, and preview it live
[01:07:05] run the tests, and preview it live before you accept. Give it a try with before you accept. Give it a try with before you accept. Give it a try with GitHub Copilot app at gh.io/app. Hi everyone, my name is Julia and I'm a Hi everyone, my name is Julia and I'm a PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we PM on the GitHub copilot team. Today we are super excited. We're going to be are super excited. We're going to be are super excited. We're going to be talking about hydrofusion. With me today talking about hydrofusion. With me today talking about hydrofusion. With me today I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied I have Ashna. Ashna is an applied scientist. She's on the Microsoft scientist. She's on the Microsoft scientist. She's on the Microsoft research team and you were one of the research team and you were one of the research team and you were one of the lead researchers for project hydra lead researchers for project hydra lead researchers for project hydra fusion. I'm super excited to have you fusion. I'm super excited to have you
[01:07:35] fusion. I'm super excited to have you Ashna and welcome. Ashna and welcome. Ashna and welcome. >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so >> Hey Julia and hi everyone. I'm so excited to be here. excited to be here. excited to be here. >> Um very big day. Last Friday we >> Um very big day. Last Friday we >> Um very big day. Last Friday we announced hydro fusion and it was a big announced hydro fusion and it was a big announced hydro fusion and it was a big bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I bang. Satia even posted about it. So, I think Friday definitely went by in a think Friday definitely went by in a think Friday definitely went by in a blur. Um, for everyone on this call who blur. Um, for everyone on this call who blur. Um, for everyone on this call who hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, hasn't heard about hydroofusion yet, um, I know James talked about it in his I know James talked about it in his I know James talked about it in his section previously and but we just section previously and but we just section previously and but we just wanted to make sure everyone is aware. wanted to make sure everyone is aware. wanted to make sure everyone is aware. So, hydrofusion right now is in the So, hydrofusion right now is in the
[01:08:06] So, hydrofusion right now is in the GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash GitHub copilot CLI. If you do slash models, you're now able in experimental models, you're now able in experimental models, you're now able in experimental mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. mode, you're able to find hydrofusion. It's in a research preview. You're just It's in a research preview. You're just It's in a research preview. You're just able to give it any task you want and it able to give it any task you want and it able to give it any task you want and it will start doing and helping you out. It will start doing and helping you out. It will start doing and helping you out. It will show you whatever pattern execution will show you whatever pattern execution will show you whatever pattern execution pattern it pick. In this case, it picked pattern it pick. In this case, it picked pattern it pick. In this case, it picked single. It's doing all of the things for single. It's doing all of the things for single. It's doing all of the things for you. It will start implementing it and you. It will start implementing it and you. It will start implementing it and helping you out. It will of course also helping you out. It will of course also helping you out. It will of course also show you very regularly how many tokens show you very regularly how many tokens
[01:08:38] show you very regularly how many tokens or AI credits it has been used. Um so or AI credits it has been used. Um so or AI credits it has been used. Um so all of these things that we are already all of these things that we are already all of these things that we are already aware of. Um but before we going to go a aware of. Um but before we going to go a aware of. Um but before we going to go a little bit more into details Ashna from little bit more into details Ashna from little bit more into details Ashna from your perspective what is hydrofusion your perspective what is hydrofusion your perspective what is hydrofusion what is it all about and what are some what is it all about and what are some what is it all about and what are some of the problems it's helping our dev of the problems it's helping our dev of the problems it's helping our dev community out there community out there community out there >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an >> yeah so um hydrofusion is an orchestration system so we take in a orchestration system so we take in a orchestration system so we take in a task we understand what the capabilities task we understand what the capabilities task we understand what the capabilities of the task are what are the of the task are what are the of the task are what are the requirements we score it we send it to requirements we score it we send it to
[01:09:10] requirements we score it we send it to one of the workflows that Julia just one of the workflows that Julia just one of the workflows that Julia just showed which is single cascade critic showed which is single cascade critic showed which is single cascade critic and we get the final outcome. So we no and we get the final outcome. So we no and we get the final outcome. So we no longer choose the best model for your longer choose the best model for your longer choose the best model for your task but we choose the right workflow task but we choose the right workflow task but we choose the right workflow which is a composition of different which is a composition of different which is a composition of different models. >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a >> Okay, very interesting. So it sounds a little bit like model routing. Um can little bit like model routing. Um can little bit like model routing. Um can you explain a little bit more about why you explain a little bit more about why you explain a little bit more about why do we even need model routing? Why do we even need model routing? Why do we even need model routing? Why couldn't I just go in pick the best couldn't I just go in pick the best couldn't I just go in pick the best model that I know that is there for my model that I know that is there for my
[01:09:40] model that I know that is there for my task and why couldn't I just do it this task and why couldn't I just do it this task and why couldn't I just do it this way? >> Yeah, because best is the property of >> Yeah, because best is the property of >> Yeah, because best is the property of the model and task combined. To take an the model and task combined. To take an the model and task combined. To take an example, we ran a routing algorithm on example, we ran a routing algorithm on example, we ran a routing algorithm on 100 software 500 software engineering 100 software 500 software engineering 100 software 500 software engineering tasks. 318 tasks. 318 tasks. 318 um were solved by both the frontier um were solved by both the frontier um were solved by both the frontier model and a cheap model. 53 were solved model and a cheap model. 53 were solved model and a cheap model. 53 were solved by a frontier model alone and 29 were by a frontier model alone and 29 were by a frontier model alone and 29 were solved by the cheap model alone. Now the solved by the cheap model alone. Now the
[01:10:11] solved by the cheap model alone. Now the router has two jobs. One is to identify router has two jobs. One is to identify router has two jobs. One is to identify the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks the cheaper model can do the 318 tasks and we no longer need the more expensive and we no longer need the more expensive and we no longer need the more expensive model for the task that both models can model for the task that both models can model for the task that both models can solve. The second job is to push the solve. The second job is to push the solve. The second job is to push the quality and go beyond the 318 and cover quality and go beyond the 318 and cover quality and go beyond the 318 and cover the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now the 82 tasks that we have in hand. Now that pushes the router ceiling to 400 that pushes the router ceiling to 400 that pushes the router ceiling to 400 tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling tasks out of 500 and that is the ceiling of the router. So selection has a of the router. So selection has a
[01:10:42] of the router. So selection has a ceiling but composition doesn't and ceiling but composition doesn't and ceiling but composition doesn't and that's where hydrofusion comes in. We that's where hydrofusion comes in. We that's where hydrofusion comes in. We try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks try to go uh to the 100 unresolved tasks and we try to stretch the quality over and we try to stretch the quality over and we try to stretch the quality over there. >> Super interesting. So you're taking a >> Super interesting. So you're taking a >> Super interesting. So you're taking a little bit away the complexity from the little bit away the complexity from the little bit away the complexity from the end users. they don't have to worry end users. they don't have to worry end users. they don't have to worry about it. But you're even able to make about it. But you're even able to make about it. But you're even able to make it smarter in a way and picking the it smarter in a way and picking the it smarter in a way and picking the right route, right? right route, right? right route, right? >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a >> Yeah. And to look into the workflows a bit, it's um I guess every developer bit, it's um I guess every developer
[01:11:12] bit, it's um I guess every developer on this call is already doing this on a on this call is already doing this on a on this call is already doing this on a day-to-day basis. You take the task, you day-to-day basis. You take the task, you day-to-day basis. You take the task, you decide which model is good for the task, decide which model is good for the task, decide which model is good for the task, you understand the outcome, and you try you understand the outcome, and you try you understand the outcome, and you try to take it to the strong model if you're to take it to the strong model if you're to take it to the strong model if you're not satisfied with the outcome. So today not satisfied with the outcome. So today not satisfied with the outcome. So today you are the router, you are the reviewer you are the router, you are the reviewer you are the router, you are the reviewer and you are the escalation system. Hydro and you are the escalation system. Hydro and you are the escalation system. Hydro fusion combines these into three fusion combines these into three fusion combines these into three workflows and does it for you. So if you workflows and does it for you. So if you workflows and does it for you. So if you have a simple task, you take the request have a simple task, you take the request
[01:11:44] have a simple task, you take the request and you only need a simple model for the and you only need a simple model for the and you only need a simple model for the end toend execution. end toend execution. end toend execution. For more difficult tasks, you start with For more difficult tasks, you start with For more difficult tasks, you start with a model and you look at the outcome of a model and you look at the outcome of a model and you look at the outcome of the model. If it is not good enough, it the model. If it is not good enough, it the model. If it is not good enough, it goes to a stronger model and decid and goes to a stronger model and decid and goes to a stronger model and decid and the stronger model decides whether the stronger model decides whether the stronger model decides whether the outcome is not good enough and it does outcome is not good enough and it does outcome is not good enough and it does the task for you and you get the best the task for you and you get the best the task for you and you get the best output. For more harder tasks where output. For more harder tasks where output. For more harder tasks where quality actually matters is where the quality actually matters is where the quality actually matters is where the critic workflow comes in where we start critic workflow comes in where we start
[01:12:16] critic workflow comes in where we start with a strong model and we have a cheap with a strong model and we have a cheap with a strong model and we have a cheap reviewer which reviews the plan of the reviewer which reviews the plan of the reviewer which reviews the plan of the strong model and iterates on it giving strong model and iterates on it giving strong model and iterates on it giving you the best quality. Now here is the you the best quality. Now here is the you the best quality. Now here is the design decision that we had to make that design decision that we had to make that design decision that we had to make that the critic model um is always supposed the critic model um is always supposed the critic model um is always supposed to review the outcome and not do the to review the outcome and not do the to review the outcome and not do the edits directly because once the critic edits directly because once the critic edits directly because once the critic model starts imposing and not reviewing model starts imposing and not reviewing model starts imposing and not reviewing it tries to take over the main model. it tries to take over the main model.
[01:12:47] it tries to take over the main model. >> Very interesting. So all of these >> Very interesting. So all of these >> Very interesting. So all of these patterns um we already do in a way na patterns um we already do in a way na patterns um we already do in a way na naturally but basically hydrofusing is naturally but basically hydrofusing is naturally but basically hydrofusing is doing this for you. ideally staying with doing this for you. ideally staying with doing this for you. ideally staying with single um but sometimes it picks um a single um but sometimes it picks um a single um but sometimes it picks um a different model and uses it as well. So different model and uses it as well. So different model and uses it as well. So help me understand if you're picking or help me understand if you're picking or help me understand if you're picking or choosing another model in the mix how choosing another model in the mix how choosing another model in the mix how can it still stays cheaper than picking can it still stays cheaper than picking can it still stays cheaper than picking two models after each other. two models after each other. two models after each other. >> Yeah, because we are very selective and >> Yeah, because we are very selective and >> Yeah, because we are very selective and most of the requests actually just need most of the requests actually just need
[01:13:17] most of the requests actually just need the single workflow. um it's up to the single workflow. um it's up to the single workflow. um it's up to the task and the requirement of the task and the requirement of the task and the requirement of the task that we decide whether it needs to go to that we decide whether it needs to go to that we decide whether it needs to go to a stronger model for additional review a stronger model for additional review a stronger model for additional review or not. or not. or not. >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've >> Very cool. Thank you so much. Um I've heard you also have a de demo with heard you also have a de demo with heard you also have a de demo with you. So let's jump in. you. So let's jump in. you. So let's jump in. >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we >> Let's get into the demo. So um here we see three views the same repository and see three views the same repository and see three views the same repository and we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion we have Opus 5, Fable 51 and Hydrofusion compared side to side. uh below you'll compared side to side. uh below you'll
[01:13:48] compared side to side. uh below you'll see the cost in terms of AI units and we see the cost in terms of AI units and we see the cost in terms of AI units and we see that for a simple query hydrofusion see that for a simple query hydrofusion see that for a simple query hydrofusion routes it to the single workflow we routes it to the single workflow we routes it to the single workflow we don't need a strong model for adding don't need a strong model for adding don't need a strong model for adding type hints and dock strings and you can type hints and dock strings and you can type hints and dock strings and you can see the cost difference in the bottom. Now if we go to the next query Now if we go to the next query we again there is a simple query which we again there is a simple query which we again there is a simple query which is renaming a config key across the is renaming a config key across the is renaming a config key across the repo. Again a simple change we don't repo. Again a simple change we don't
[01:14:20] repo. Again a simple change we don't really need a strong model. So really need a strong model. So really need a strong model. So hydrofusion routes it to the single hydrofusion routes it to the single hydrofusion routes it to the single workflow and we are resolving it with a workflow and we are resolving it with a workflow and we are resolving it with a soul. So again saved cost for this and soul. So again saved cost for this and soul. So again saved cost for this and it's automatically doing it behind the it's automatically doing it behind the it's automatically doing it behind the scenes. Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a Now come to a slightly ambiguous and a harder query which is fixing the failing harder query which is fixing the failing harder query which is fixing the failing retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the retry tests. So Hydroofusion picks the cascade workflow. cascade workflow. cascade workflow. It starts with a simple model like Luna It starts with a simple model like Luna It starts with a simple model like Luna and it reviews whether Luna actually and it reviews whether Luna actually
[01:14:51] and it reviews whether Luna actually made the required edits. Now a stronger made the required edits. Now a stronger made the required edits. Now a stronger model like soul comes in and checks it model like soul comes in and checks it model like soul comes in and checks it and says oh it's I don't like the and says oh it's I don't like the and says oh it's I don't like the output and I uh will redo it. So we get output and I uh will redo it. So we get output and I uh will redo it. So we get the final outcome from soul instead. And if you look at the cost, we are And if you look at the cost, we are still lower in spite of using the two still lower in spite of using the two still lower in spite of using the two models. Now comes the harder query where quality Now comes the harder query where quality Now comes the harder query where quality really matters which is for this really matters which is for this
[01:15:21] really matters which is for this particular query we are doing some o particular query we are doing some o particular query we are doing some o changes and hydrofusion picks the critic changes and hydrofusion picks the critic changes and hydrofusion picks the critic workflow. So we start with a model like workflow. So we start with a model like workflow. So we start with a model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like opus 5 and we have a reviewer model like soul which revises the output of opus 5 soul which revises the output of opus 5 soul which revises the output of opus 5 and gives you the best outcome. and gives you the best outcome. and gives you the best outcome. Now note that hydrofusion decides to Now note that hydrofusion decides to Now note that hydrofusion decides to spend the cost where it matters the spend the cost where it matters the spend the cost where it matters the most. So where quality matters we do most. So where quality matters we do most. So where quality matters we do spend more because we want to make sure spend more because we want to make sure spend more because we want to make sure that the best quality is delivered. Now for the four queries that we just
[01:15:58] Now for the four queries that we just ran, if you look at the session overall ran, if you look at the session overall ran, if you look at the session overall and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, and compare with Opus 5 and Fable 51, we in spite of spending more for the we in spite of spending more for the we in spite of spending more for the critic workflow which is the fourth critic workflow which is the fourth critic workflow which is the fourth task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 task, we are still 42% less than Opus 5 and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of and 47% less than Fable 51 in terms of cost while delivering the same quality. cost while delivering the same quality. cost while delivering the same quality. >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing >> Awesome. Very cool. And the cool thing is the end user doesn't have to worry is the end user doesn't have to worry is the end user doesn't have to worry about it. I basically just picked about it. I basically just picked about it. I basically just picked hydroofusion. It does it for me. It hydroofusion. It does it for me. It
[01:16:29] hydroofusion. It does it for me. It either picks single, it picks the either picks single, it picks the either picks single, it picks the cascade one or the critique one. And as cascade one or the critique one. And as cascade one or the critique one. And as we've seen with critique, yes, it picks we've seen with critique, yes, it picks we've seen with critique, yes, it picks or does another review because it knows or does another review because it knows or does another review because it knows the quality here really matters. And the quality here really matters. And the quality here really matters. And that's where it's still cheaper than that's where it's still cheaper than that's where it's still cheaper than Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that Fable 5.1, but it gets the quality that it is needed in that use case scenario it is needed in that use case scenario it is needed in that use case scenario here. >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um >> Yeah. All right. So we launched um public um publicly now but it's um public um publicly now but it's um public um publicly now but it's um considered a um research preview. So considered a um research preview. So
[01:16:59] considered a um research preview. So before we go live I know we tested it before we go live I know we tested it before we go live I know we tested it internally but can you walk us a little internally but can you walk us a little internally but can you walk us a little bit about or talk a little bit about bit about or talk a little bit about bit about or talk a little bit about what are some additional tests? How are what are some additional tests? How are what are some additional tests? How are you evaluating? How did you know there you evaluating? How did you know there you evaluating? How did you know there was such excitement behind hydrofusion? was such excitement behind hydrofusion? was such excitement behind hydrofusion? So what are some of the things that you So what are some of the things that you So what are some of the things that you and the team looked at? and the team looked at? and the team looked at? >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro >> Yeah. So the way we evaluate um hydro fusion is really running it on a few fusion is really running it on a few fusion is really running it on a few benchmarks which is a combination of benchmarks which is a combination of benchmarks which is a combination of open-source benchmark and our own open-source benchmark and our own open-source benchmark and our own internal benchmark which is checkpoint internal benchmark which is checkpoint
[01:17:29] internal benchmark which is checkpoint bench. So um the two open source bench. So um the two open source bench. So um the two open source benchmarks that we picked are terminal benchmarks that we picked are terminal benchmarks that we picked are terminal bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is bench 21 and deep sui and what we do is we fix the frontier model for all the we fix the frontier model for all the we fix the frontier model for all the tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion tasks and we compare it with hydrofusion in terms of cost and quality. So if you in terms of cost and quality. So if you in terms of cost and quality. So if you see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% see for terminal bench 21 we are at 67% lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point lower cost than opus 5 at 5 point quality difference. For Deep Suite, we quality difference. For Deep Suite, we quality difference. For Deep Suite, we are at similar quality than Opus 5 and are at similar quality than Opus 5 and
[01:17:59] are at similar quality than Opus 5 and 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, 36% lower cost. For Checkpoint Bench, which is our internal data set, we are which is our internal data set, we are which is our internal data set, we are at similar quality as Opus 5 again at similar quality as Opus 5 again at similar quality as Opus 5 again at 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I 65% lower cost. Super interesting. I mean, I would I know we don't have that mean, I would I know we don't have that mean, I would I know we don't have that much time left. Um, but you talked about much time left. Um, but you talked about much time left. Um, but you talked about two public benchmarks here. You also two public benchmarks here. You also two public benchmarks here. You also talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is talked about Checkpoint Pinch, which is an internal benchmark. Can you tell or an internal benchmark. Can you tell or an internal benchmark. Can you tell or tease a little bit about why do we also tease a little bit about why do we also tease a little bit about why do we also rely on internal benchmarks and why this rely on internal benchmarks and why this rely on internal benchmarks and why this number is also super exciting for us? number is also super exciting for us?
[01:18:30] number is also super exciting for us? >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we >> Yeah, so there are a few things why we had to create our own internal had to create our own internal had to create our own internal benchmark. One is public benchmarks look benchmark. One is public benchmarks look benchmark. One is public benchmarks look at the average of model performance and at the average of model performance and at the average of model performance and what we care about is the disagreement what we care about is the disagreement what we care about is the disagreement between the models. The second is most between the models. The second is most between the models. The second is most of the public benchmarks are single turn of the public benchmarks are single turn of the public benchmarks are single turn and they are mostly saturated. Real life and they are mostly saturated. Real life and they are mostly saturated. Real life conversations are more multi-turn. So we conversations are more multi-turn. So we conversations are more multi-turn. So we go back and forth and we um try to um go back and forth and we um try to um go back and forth and we um try to um look at the agentic conversation in a look at the agentic conversation in a
[01:19:01] look at the agentic conversation in a multi-turn way. And the third one is multi-turn way. And the third one is multi-turn way. And the third one is contamination. So for our benchmark, we contamination. So for our benchmark, we contamination. So for our benchmark, we fix the um uh code to the commit right fix the um uh code to the commit right fix the um uh code to the commit right before the fix and we cut off the before the fix and we cut off the before the fix and we cut off the network access to code host. So now the network access to code host. So now the network access to code host. So now the agent cannot clone the repository and agent cannot clone the repository and agent cannot clone the repository and look at the commit that fixed the bug look at the commit that fixed the bug look at the commit that fixed the bug beforehand. So while we want to keep hill climbing So while we want to keep hill climbing So while we want to keep hill climbing on the public benchmarks to compare on the public benchmarks to compare on the public benchmarks to compare against the frontier models, it is very against the frontier models, it is very
[01:19:31] against the frontier models, it is very important for us to stay close to actual important for us to stay close to actual important for us to stay close to actual user queries which is why we need the user queries which is why we need the user queries which is why we need the internal data set. internal data set. internal data set. >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set >> Mhm. Awesome. And is this also the set whenever a new model drops that you're whenever a new model drops that you're whenever a new model drops that you're evaluating and trying to make sure or is evaluating and trying to make sure or is evaluating and trying to make sure or is should it be part of the new set of should it be part of the new set of should it be part of the new set of hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same hydrofusion models? Um, is this the same setup you go through for any potential setup you go through for any potential setup you go through for any potential new models? new models? new models? >> It's the same strategy. Um, the >> It's the same strategy. Um, the >> It's the same strategy. Um, the benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to benchmarks keep evolving. So, we have to keep up with the benchmarks and the keep up with the benchmarks and the keep up with the benchmarks and the models and um, yeah, every week it's models and um, yeah, every week it's
[01:20:04] models and um, yeah, every week it's evolving and we need to keep up. evolving and we need to keep up. evolving and we need to keep up. >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this >> Yeah, makes sense. All right. Um, this being said, Hydroofusion is out today. being said, Hydroofusion is out today. being said, Hydroofusion is out today. Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're Try it. It's make sure it's um, you're doing SLEexperimental. It's an doing SLEexperimental. It's an doing SLEexperimental. It's an experimental research preview. Um, if experimental research preview. Um, if experimental research preview. Um, if you have any feedback and we are you have any feedback and we are you have any feedback and we are actively listening. We have an external actively listening. We have an external actively listening. We have an external discussion post out there. Make sure discussion post out there. Make sure discussion post out there. Make sure you're leaving any feedback that you you're leaving any feedback that you you're leaving any feedback that you might have. Uh, what's next? We are might have. Uh, what's next? We are might have. Uh, what's next? We are already working on the GitHub copilot already working on the GitHub copilot already working on the GitHub copilot app integration, VS Code integration as app integration, VS Code integration as
[01:20:35] app integration, VS Code integration as well. We already have a few u UX well. We already have a few u UX well. We already have a few u UX improvements queued up as well um, based improvements queued up as well um, based improvements queued up as well um, based on all of the great feedback that we've on all of the great feedback that we've on all of the great feedback that we've already seen from the community out already seen from the community out already seen from the community out there. So please let us know. Um and there. So please let us know. Um and there. So please let us know. Um and yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? yeah Ashna, do you have any final words? >> Yeah, I think the interesting question >> Yeah, I think the interesting question >> Yeah, I think the interesting question changed. For the last two years, we've changed. For the last two years, we've changed. For the last two years, we've been focusing on what is the best model been focusing on what is the best model been focusing on what is the best model that is coming and the frontier keeps that is coming and the frontier keeps that is coming and the frontier keeps evolving. But what we want to focus on evolving. But what we want to focus on evolving. But what we want to focus on is the orchestration. is the orchestration.
[01:21:05] is the orchestration. Again, selection has a ceiling, but Again, selection has a ceiling, but Again, selection has a ceiling, but composition doesn't. And that's where we composition doesn't. And that's where we composition doesn't. And that's where we are taking this next with orchestration. are taking this next with orchestration. are taking this next with orchestration. So you can stop being a router, a So you can stop being a router, a So you can stop being a router, a reviewer and an escalation system and go reviewer and an escalation system and go reviewer and an escalation system and go back to building what you care back to building what you care back to building what you care about. >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be >> Thank you so much Ashna and we will be in the chat so leave any questions that in the chat so leave any questions that in the chat so leave any questions that you might have. And with this being you might have. And with this being you might have. And with this being said, I'm handing back to the studio. said, I'm handing back to the studio. said, I'm handing back to the studio. Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot Let's explore what makes GitHub Copilot app special. The C-pilot app is the agent native home
[01:21:42] The C-pilot app is the agent native home for your work on GitHub right on your for your work on GitHub right on your for your work on GitHub right on your desktop. Agents can go beyond just desktop. Agents can go beyond just desktop. Agents can go beyond just generating code. They can run builds and generating code. They can run builds and generating code. They can run builds and tests, create PRs, and even access tests, create PRs, and even access tests, create PRs, and even access external services. You can control their external services. You can control their external services. You can control their level of autonomy depending on your level of autonomy depending on your level of autonomy depending on your needs and scenarios. You can create needs and scenarios. You can create needs and scenarios. You can create sessions on your repos with each session sessions on your repos with each session sessions on your repos with each session using work trees to be independent of using work trees to be independent of using work trees to be independent of one another. And you can even use agents one another. And you can even use agents one another. And you can even use agents to help you manage your PR in CI flow. to help you manage your PR in CI flow. to help you manage your PR in CI flow. There's of course lots more to explore. There's of course lots more to explore.
[01:22:12] There's of course lots more to explore. As always, the best way to learn is to As always, the best way to learn is to As always, the best way to learn is to get in and play with the tool yourself. get in and play with the tool yourself. get in and play with the tool yourself. You can download it at gh.io/app. You can download it at gh.io/app. You can download it at gh.io/app. Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a Try it on a repo you know, maybe with a task that's been sitting on your backlog task that's been sitting on your backlog task that's been sitting on your backlog for a while now. You might be surprised for a while now. You might be surprised for a while now. You might be surprised how much it gets done while you're still how much it gets done while you're still how much it gets done while you're still learning the tool. Hey folks, welcome back. That Hey folks, welcome back. That hydrofusion model looks amazing, hydrofusion model looks amazing,
[01:22:42] hydrofusion model looks amazing, especially at that at the cost. Cost is especially at that at the cost. Cost is especially at that at the cost. Cost is super important. Uh, but something else super important. Uh, but something else super important. Uh, but something else that I want to show you um, really that I want to show you um, really that I want to show you um, really quickly is this little item right here. quickly is this little item right here. quickly is this little item right here. This, let me get this in the I feel like This, let me get this in the I feel like This, let me get this in the I feel like we're doing home shopping. This is This we're doing home shopping. This is This we're doing home shopping. This is This is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX is the Logitech. This is the Logitech MX Creative Console. This at the top is the Creative Console. This at the top is the Creative Console. This at the top is the Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you Logitech MX keypad. Now, what if you could use this device to see all of your could use this device to see all of your could use this device to see all of your running Copilot sessions, easily move running Copilot sessions, easily move
[01:23:13] running Copilot sessions, easily move between them, toggle the mic on and off, between them, toggle the mic on and off, between them, toggle the mic on and off, enable, disable MCP servers. You can do enable, disable MCP servers. You can do enable, disable MCP servers. You can do that and you can do that today. So, you that and you can do that today. So, you that and you can do that today. So, you can get this device today and you can get this device today and you can get this device today and you can get it working with GitHub Copilot. get it working with GitHub Copilot. get it working with GitHub Copilot. Today, we're going to do that here in Today, we're going to do that here in Today, we're going to do that here in just a little bit. We're going to get just a little bit. We're going to get just a little bit. We're going to get this thing up and running, show you this thing up and running, show you this thing up and running, show you exactly how that works and how you can exactly how that works and how you can exactly how that works and how you can increase your productivity. But speaking increase your productivity. But speaking increase your productivity. But speaking of productivity, what I want to do now of productivity, what I want to do now of productivity, what I want to do now is go over to Megan to show you what's is go over to Megan to show you what's is go over to Megan to show you what's new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, new and how you can use GitHub Copilot, where you work today in both Teams and where you work today in both Teams and where you work today in both Teams and Slack. Megan, Slack. Megan,
[01:23:45] Slack. Megan, >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the >> hello everyone. Thank you Burke for the intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm intro. Uh, as Brooke said, today I'm going to talk a little bit more about uh going to talk a little bit more about uh going to talk a little bit more about uh how you can use Copilot from multiple how you can use Copilot from multiple how you can use Copilot from multiple surfaces uh and spend a little time on surfaces uh and spend a little time on surfaces uh and spend a little time on our Slack surface specifically. Uh the our Slack surface specifically. Uh the our Slack surface specifically. Uh the keynote today, James and Pierce talked keynote today, James and Pierce talked keynote today, James and Pierce talked about and showed some of the value of about and showed some of the value of about and showed some of the value of using it in Slack, but I just want to using it in Slack, but I just want to using it in Slack, but I just want to spend a little bit more time building spend a little bit more time building spend a little bit more time building something together and uh so we'll just something together and uh so we'll just something together and uh so we'll just we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we'll bake the cake together. Uh so what we're looking at here is my fitness we're looking at here is my fitness we're looking at here is my fitness booking app. This is just like a fun app booking app. This is just like a fun app
[01:24:15] booking app. This is just like a fun app that I've been building that's a way for that I've been building that's a way for that I've been building that's a way for users to book local fitness classes. Um, users to book local fitness classes. Um, users to book local fitness classes. Um, and I want to show some of the history and I want to show some of the history and I want to show some of the history of like what I've done inside Slack. of like what I've done inside Slack. of like what I've done inside Slack. I've predominantly developed this app I've predominantly developed this app I've predominantly developed this app inside of Slack, which is very fun and inside of Slack, which is very fun and inside of Slack, which is very fun and it's useful when I'm on the go and I can it's useful when I'm on the go and I can it's useful when I'm on the go and I can just kick things off. Uh, and so an just kick things off. Uh, and so an just kick things off. Uh, and so an example of the types of things I've example of the types of things I've example of the types of things I've built here in Slack. If you jump into built here in Slack. If you jump into built here in Slack. If you jump into this code channel, which is a new Slack this code channel, which is a new Slack this code channel, which is a new Slack feature in their uh, Slack code feature in their uh, Slack code feature in their uh, Slack code offering, you can see that I'm going offering, you can see that I'm going offering, you can see that I'm going back and forth with another PM on my back and forth with another PM on my back and forth with another PM on my team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this
[01:24:45] team, Tim, and uh, we're designing this new ability to see trending classes new ability to see trending classes new ability to see trending classes inside of the app. And that way, it kind inside of the app. And that way, it kind inside of the app. And that way, it kind of gives the user some signal on like of gives the user some signal on like of gives the user some signal on like what are some fun classes that, you what are some fun classes that, you what are some fun classes that, you know, people are really enjoying. And know, people are really enjoying. And know, people are really enjoying. And so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I so, uh, I kicked this off, but then I asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in asked Tim for his feedback. Tim comes in and says like, okay, looking at this, and says like, okay, looking at this, and says like, okay, looking at this, like, can we hide the trending pills? like, can we hide the trending pills? like, can we hide the trending pills? It's a bit too noisy. And then right It's a bit too noisy. And then right It's a bit too noisy. And then right here in Slack, you can see the live app here in Slack, you can see the live app here in Slack, you can see the live app renderer, which makes it really easy to renderer, which makes it really easy to renderer, which makes it really easy to iterate quickly on these kind of like iterate quickly on these kind of like iterate quickly on these kind of like more front-end workflows. Uh, and the more front-end workflows. Uh, and the more front-end workflows. Uh, and the GitHub copilot harness is powering all GitHub copilot harness is powering all
[01:25:15] GitHub copilot harness is powering all of this. So, the harness is returning of this. So, the harness is returning of this. So, the harness is returning all of the um all the work and it's all of the um all the work and it's all of the um all the work and it's allowing us to see it and iterate on it allowing us to see it and iterate on it allowing us to see it and iterate on it directly. And what I love about this is directly. And what I love about this is directly. And what I love about this is like this experience is really nice uh like this experience is really nice uh like this experience is really nice uh inside Slack, especially if you're inside Slack, especially if you're inside Slack, especially if you're working with a team member. We also working with a team member. We also working with a team member. We also offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh offer it in Microsoft Teams, but it's uh especially powerful when you can use it especially powerful when you can use it especially powerful when you can use it across all surfaces. So I can open this across all surfaces. So I can open this across all surfaces. So I can open this inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow inside of GitHub and I'll show that flow while we do the live uh the live while we do the live uh the live while we do the live uh the live building together. And I can open it on building together. And I can open it on
[01:25:46] building together. And I can open it on mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR mobile. It I can pick it up, grab the PR and changes and pick it up inside VS and changes and pick it up inside VS and changes and pick it up inside VS Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so Code or the GitHub Copilot app. And so this just allows me to build wherever is this just allows me to build wherever is this just allows me to build wherever is natural to me and kind of start work and natural to me and kind of start work and natural to me and kind of start work and finish it wherever I happen to be at finish it wherever I happen to be at finish it wherever I happen to be at that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to that time. Uh so one thing I wanted to do together while uh I have you all is do together while uh I have you all is do together while uh I have you all is build some sort of new feature. Uh I build some sort of new feature. Uh I build some sort of new feature. Uh I kind of wish this was like a birectional kind of wish this was like a birectional kind of wish this was like a birectional like situation where you guys could like situation where you guys could like situation where you guys could suggest features. I think that'd be very suggest features. I think that'd be very suggest features. I think that'd be very fun. But the one I just came up with the fun. But the one I just came up with the
[01:26:16] fun. But the one I just came up with the top of my head right now is let's build top of my head right now is let's build top of my head right now is let's build a visual log uh of every class that I've a visual log uh of every class that I've a visual log uh of every class that I've been to so that the user has this like been to so that the user has this like been to so that the user has this like self-personaliz personalization. Uh and self-personaliz personalization. Uh and self-personaliz personalization. Uh and so I'm going to kick that off and show so I'm going to kick that off and show so I'm going to kick that off and show you live just like how fast this is. I you live just like how fast this is. I you live just like how fast this is. I think that's one of the things I'm think that's one of the things I'm think that's one of the things I'm enjoying the most is, you know, on the enjoying the most is, you know, on the enjoying the most is, you know, on the GitHub side, we've done a lot to make GitHub side, we've done a lot to make GitHub side, we've done a lot to make the experience really good in the cloud the experience really good in the cloud the experience really good in the cloud sandbox environment. And so you can kind sandbox environment. And so you can kind sandbox environment. And so you can kind of like feel that experience when you're of like feel that experience when you're of like feel that experience when you're using it and developing on it. So I've using it and developing on it. So I've using it and developing on it. So I've kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling
[01:26:46] kicked it off. GitHub's kind of telling me what it's doing. So the first thing me what it's doing. So the first thing me what it's doing. So the first thing it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting it said to me is like, hey, I'm starting your cloud environment. And then it your cloud environment. And then it your cloud environment. And then it said, I'm reading the chat history to said, I'm reading the chat history to said, I'm reading the chat history to get some context of what we're doing. get some context of what we're doing. get some context of what we're doing. Uh, and then from there it opens this Uh, and then from there it opens this Uh, and then from there it opens this code channel which is a way to just kind code channel which is a way to just kind code channel which is a way to just kind of keep all of its metadata about this of keep all of its metadata about this of keep all of its metadata about this feature inside one place in Slack. You c feature inside one place in Slack. You c feature inside one place in Slack. You c you can obviously just have it like you can obviously just have it like you can obviously just have it like paste in the thread as well. This is paste in the thread as well. This is paste in the thread as well. This is kind of just like a user choice thing. kind of just like a user choice thing. kind of just like a user choice thing. But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I But then GitHub saying to me, okay, I opened this uh channel here for us to opened this uh channel here for us to opened this uh channel here for us to collaborate together. And if I come into collaborate together. And if I come into
[01:27:16] collaborate together. And if I come into this channel, you can kind you can see this channel, you can kind you can see this channel, you can kind you can see some new metadata that you probably some new metadata that you probably some new metadata that you probably aren't used to seeing inside of Slack aren't used to seeing inside of Slack aren't used to seeing inside of Slack and Teams, which is now we see the like and Teams, which is now we see the like and Teams, which is now we see the like repo it's working on or the branch it's repo it's working on or the branch it's repo it's working on or the branch it's working on, the repo it's working in. working on, the repo it's working in. working on, the repo it's working in. And then there's this open session which And then there's this open session which And then there's this open session which I will follow and show you all how I can I will follow and show you all how I can I will follow and show you all how I can see all of this inside github.com. And see all of this inside github.com. And see all of this inside github.com. And so it is nice to have it all in context. so it is nice to have it all in context. so it is nice to have it all in context. I'm already inside this repo. I can see I'm already inside this repo. I can see I'm already inside this repo. I can see the other work that's being done in this the other work that's being done in this the other work that's being done in this repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, repo. Um, I can also see it on mobile, which I wanted to attempt to demo live, which I wanted to attempt to demo live,
[01:27:46] which I wanted to attempt to demo live, though I know it won't render great, but though I know it won't render great, but though I know it won't render great, but um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud um, our mobile app is rendering my cloud sessions, and so I can see them all and sessions, and so I can see them all and sessions, and so I can see them all and am able to follow its progress on the am able to follow its progress on the am able to follow its progress on the go. And then from here, I can kind of see And then from here, I can kind of see And then from here, I can kind of see what the history is. If someone else what the history is. If someone else what the history is. If someone else came in, it would show me their work as came in, it would show me their work as came in, it would show me their work as well. I can see what the spend is of the well. I can see what the spend is of the well. I can see what the spend is of the session, which I know is like very session, which I know is like very session, which I know is like very important um, for a lot of users to be important um, for a lot of users to be important um, for a lot of users to be able to calibrate their own spending and able to calibrate their own spending and able to calibrate their own spending and keep an eye on it. And then inside the keep an eye on it. And then inside the keep an eye on it. And then inside the slack channel, the last thing I can see slack channel, the last thing I can see slack channel, the last thing I can see is the model. Uh you can obviously is the model. Uh you can obviously
[01:28:16] is the model. Uh you can obviously change that model, but we have our change that model, but we have our change that model, but we have our default model here. And so the uh default model here. And so the uh default model here. And so the uh implementation plan is just walking implementation plan is just walking implementation plan is just walking through what the agent is working on through what the agent is working on through what the agent is working on similar to what you would expect in similar to what you would expect in similar to what you would expect in other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the other GitHub copilot clients. Uh the runtime is all the same. So the runtime is all the same. So the runtime is all the same. So the experience that you get inside the CLI experience that you get inside the CLI experience that you get inside the CLI or inside the GitHub copilot app should or inside the GitHub copilot app should or inside the GitHub copilot app should be very similar to what you see inside be very similar to what you see inside be very similar to what you see inside Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just Slack and Teams. So, right now it's just working on, you know, building this out. working on, you know, building this out. working on, you know, building this out. And while it's doing that, I have a And while it's doing that, I have a And while it's doing that, I have a couple of my already baked cakes that I couple of my already baked cakes that I couple of my already baked cakes that I wanted to walk through because I think
[01:28:46] wanted to walk through because I think wanted to walk through because I think this experience is fun. And this like this experience is fun. And this like this experience is fun. And this like use case of a um like a fitness booking use case of a um like a fitness booking use case of a um like a fitness booking app is I think a really fun one to just app is I think a really fun one to just app is I think a really fun one to just be able to like quickly visualize what be able to like quickly visualize what be able to like quickly visualize what what's going on, what is the agent what's going on, what is the agent what's going on, what is the agent doing. So, right before I jumped onto doing. So, right before I jumped onto doing. So, right before I jumped onto this stream, like literally right before this stream, like literally right before this stream, like literally right before I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later I asked uh Patrick, who you'll see later in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a in the room, I said like, "Hey, what's a feature you would want?" And he's like, feature you would want?" And he's like, feature you would want?" And he's like, "I feel like a really good feature is "I feel like a really good feature is "I feel like a really good feature is like, what's the promos? Like, what is a like, what's the promos? Like, what is a like, what's the promos? Like, what is a class that's cheap this week?" Because class that's cheap this week?" Because class that's cheap this week?" Because that might influence, you know, me that might influence, you know, me
[01:29:17] that might influence, you know, me changing my routine. And so, I just changing my routine. And so, I just changing my routine. And so, I just quickly shot a note to GitHub like, quickly shot a note to GitHub like, quickly shot a note to GitHub like, "Hey, build this thing, but give me five "Hey, build this thing, but give me five "Hey, build this thing, but give me five examples so that I can just or sorry, examples so that I can just or sorry, examples so that I can just or sorry, five, give me three examples that I can five, give me three examples that I can five, give me three examples that I can just choose from." Um, and I said like just choose from." Um, and I said like just choose from." Um, and I said like an example is like a $5 promo on an example is like a $5 promo on an example is like a $5 promo on Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it Wednesdays for classes. Uh, and so it rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, rendered a couple of options for me. Uh, the first one is this like campaign the first one is this like campaign the first one is this like campaign banner, which I think I like the most. banner, which I think I like the most. banner, which I think I like the most. Uh, and then the second option is this Uh, and then the second option is this Uh, and then the second option is this almost like this very salesy. This almost like this very salesy. This
[01:29:47] almost like this very salesy. This reminds me of like some sort of like reminds me of like some sort of like reminds me of like some sort of like Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I Uber Eats, you know, type promo, which I feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm feel like is maybe not the aesthetic I'm going for, but it's really fun to have going for, but it's really fun to have going for, but it's really fun to have this level of iteration because then I this level of iteration because then I this level of iteration because then I can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, can just add Patrick and be like, "Hey, you know, you asked for this feature. you know, you asked for this feature. you know, you asked for this feature. What are your thoughts? Is this what you What are your thoughts? Is this what you What are your thoughts? Is this what you were expecting or not?" And uh you know, were expecting or not?" And uh you know, were expecting or not?" And uh you know, from there I can pick it up with the from there I can pick it up with the from there I can pick it up with the agent. I can also see the code diff agent. I can also see the code diff agent. I can also see the code diff inside of um oh, apparently I can't inside of um oh, apparently I can't inside of um oh, apparently I can't right now, but I will show it in my right now, but I will show it in my right now, but I will show it in my other channel. um when uh the agent will other channel. um when uh the agent will other channel. um when uh the agent will by default show the code diff and then by default show the code diff and then
[01:30:18] by default show the code diff and then you can open a PR which I feel like is you can open a PR which I feel like is you can open a PR which I feel like is you know a very common workflow of where you know a very common workflow of where you know a very common workflow of where I would want to go from here. So let's I would want to go from here. So let's I would want to go from here. So let's do that live and then I can kind of show do that live and then I can kind of show do that live and then I can kind of show the continuity throughout all of GitHub. the continuity throughout all of GitHub. the continuity throughout all of GitHub. Let's check back in now on the Let's check back in now on the Let's check back in now on the session we kicked off around doing the session we kicked off around doing the session we kicked off around doing the class history. So, I'm just checking in class history. So, I'm just checking in class history. So, I'm just checking in on it and it's uh working on the on it and it's uh working on the on it and it's uh working on the complete history experience. The test complete history experience. The test complete history experience. The test data that I have in the app for this has data that I have in the app for this has data that I have in the app for this has like 12 attendance records. I'm going to like 12 attendance records. I'm going to
[01:30:48] like 12 attendance records. I'm going to quickly show you all just what it looks quickly show you all just what it looks quickly show you all just what it looks like today so we have a reference point like today so we have a reference point like today so we have a reference point when it makes this change. So, here's when it makes this change. So, here's when it makes this change. So, here's our app today that I briefly showed our app today that I briefly showed our app today that I briefly showed earlier. Um the profile experience has earlier. Um the profile experience has earlier. Um the profile experience has this like classes remaining because it's this like classes remaining because it's this like classes remaining because it's based on like a monthly quota, but based on like a monthly quota, but based on like a monthly quota, but there's no real insight into like okay, there's no real insight into like okay, there's no real insight into like okay, you know, what value did I get from this you know, what value did I get from this you know, what value did I get from this subscription? And so part of the subscription? And so part of the subscription? And so part of the thing we're trying to add is just the thing we're trying to add is just the thing we're trying to add is just the history to kind of make it fun to be the history to kind of make it fun to be the history to kind of make it fun to be like here's all the things you did, you like here's all the things you did, you like here's all the things you did, you know, since you're paying for your know, since you're paying for your know, since you're paying for your monthly subscription. Um, and then I monthly subscription. Um, and then I
[01:31:18] monthly subscription. Um, and then I want to show one code diff while we're want to show one code diff while we're want to show one code diff while we're in this channel so you can in this channel so you can in this channel so you can see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to see what I'm saying. Uh, very similar to the GitHub PRS view where it's broken the GitHub PRS view where it's broken the GitHub PRS view where it's broken down by file and each change. Um, this down by file and each change. Um, this down by file and each change. Um, this obviously would match. Let me see if I obviously would match. Let me see if I obviously would match. Let me see if I have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the have an open PR. Yeah, let's look at the open PR for this. um they should be open PR for this. um they should be open PR for this. um they should be identical because it's just the diff identical because it's just the diff identical because it's just the diff inside the sandbox um being opened into inside the sandbox um being opened into inside the sandbox um being opened into a PR. And so you can imagine the a PR. And so you can imagine the a PR. And so you can imagine the continuity here in terms of, you know, continuity here in terms of, you know, continuity here in terms of, you know, in my repo I have copilot reviewing it in my repo I have copilot reviewing it in my repo I have copilot reviewing it by default. And so I am doing this work by default. And so I am doing this work
[01:31:50] by default. And so I am doing this work from Slack, but I'm getting all of the from Slack, but I'm getting all of the from Slack, but I'm getting all of the benefits of my like enterprise code benefits of my like enterprise code benefits of my like enterprise code review inside of GitHub. And all of review inside of GitHub. And all of review inside of GitHub. And all of these things have a great integration these things have a great integration these things have a great integration across them, which I feel like as a user across them, which I feel like as a user across them, which I feel like as a user is nice to not have to think about like, is nice to not have to think about like, is nice to not have to think about like, oh, I need to copy and paste context oh, I need to copy and paste context oh, I need to copy and paste context from here to this agent to this thing. from here to this agent to this thing. from here to this agent to this thing. You know, the sessions just flow. uh You know, the sessions just flow. uh You know, the sessions just flow. uh whether it's from mobile to uh or whether it's from mobile to uh or whether it's from mobile to uh or from Slack to my local you know desktop from Slack to my local you know desktop from Slack to my local you know desktop client uh or terminal and then into client uh or terminal and then into client uh or terminal and then into github.com. It's just that continuity github.com. It's just that continuity
[01:32:21] github.com. It's just that continuity that I think as a user is really nice so that I think as a user is really nice so that I think as a user is really nice so that it just happens for me. It's not that it just happens for me. It's not that it just happens for me. It's not something I have to manually think something I have to manually think something I have to manually think about. This is the fun of live demos. Uh it This is the fun of live demos. Uh it should just magically appear with should just magically appear with should just magically appear with something shortly. Um there we go. That something shortly. Um there we go. That something shortly. Um there we go. That was great timing. um as I was doing was great timing. um as I was doing was great timing. um as I was doing that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are that. Uh okay. So it looks like we are opening some issues based on the opening some issues based on the opening some issues based on the history. Uh which isn't exactly what I history. Uh which isn't exactly what I history. Uh which isn't exactly what I wanted. Uh but we can we can easily wanted. Uh but we can we can easily
[01:32:51] wanted. Uh but we can we can easily redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a redirect here. Oh, okay. We're doing a rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking rendering. Awesome. So we're thinking through what each of the issues are and through what each of the issues are and through what each of the issues are and how we need to address it. And then it's how we need to address it. And then it's how we need to address it. And then it's it also appears that the agent is going it also appears that the agent is going it also appears that the agent is going to make the change. So hopefully that to make the change. So hopefully that to make the change. So hopefully that pops up here while we're doing it live. pops up here while we're doing it live. pops up here while we're doing it live. Um, but luckily we had those uh backup Um, but luckily we had those uh backup Um, but luckily we had those uh backup examples in case it doesn't finish in examples in case it doesn't finish in examples in case it doesn't finish in time. And I'll take one more look at time. And I'll take one more look at time. And I'll take one more look at this uh live session. So you can just this uh live session. So you can just this uh live session. So you can just kind of see the experience of as it's kind of see the experience of as it's kind of see the experience of as it's going through here. Uh I can see like going through here. Uh I can see like going through here. Uh I can see like the additional agent logs if I want more the additional agent logs if I want more
[01:33:21] the additional agent logs if I want more details as to what the agent's doing. details as to what the agent's doing. details as to what the agent's doing. Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton Obviously in Slack it doesn't make a ton of sense to like render all of these of sense to like render all of these of sense to like render all of these things, but it's really nice for me to things, but it's really nice for me to things, but it's really nice for me to have that option to be able to go and have that option to be able to go and have that option to be able to go and see its full train of thought, see what see its full train of thought, see what see its full train of thought, see what commands it's running on the sandbox, commands it's running on the sandbox, commands it's running on the sandbox, etc. So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams So, we did talk about Microsoft Teams and I want to make sure that I at least and I want to make sure that I at least and I want to make sure that I at least mention that. Uh, one of the things that mention that. Uh, one of the things that mention that. Uh, one of the things that I've been really enjoying since we I've been really enjoying since we I've been really enjoying since we released uh these new integrations in released uh these new integrations in released uh these new integrations in the last few weeks is that inside the last few weeks is that inside the last few weeks is that inside Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in Microsoft Teams, we're using it a lot in meetings and that's been a really fun meetings and that's been a really fun meetings and that's been a really fun use case. Specifically, as we're like use case. Specifically, as we're like
[01:33:53] use case. Specifically, as we're like talking about status updates, we just talking about status updates, we just talking about status updates, we just add the GitHub agent to our teams add the GitHub agent to our teams add the GitHub agent to our teams meetings and then we're creating issues. meetings and then we're creating issues. meetings and then we're creating issues. we are like you know saying hey GitHub we are like you know saying hey GitHub we are like you know saying hey GitHub go investigate this problem that we are go investigate this problem that we are go investigate this problem that we are hearing about in this meeting. I've also hearing about in this meeting. I've also hearing about in this meeting. I've also been doing it uh with some of our been doing it uh with some of our been doing it uh with some of our customers just to like be able to show customers just to like be able to show customers just to like be able to show them how the integration works and how them how the integration works and how them how the integration works and how they should leverage it. And it's been a they should leverage it. And it's been a they should leverage it. And it's been a very fun like direct demo to be like hey very fun like direct demo to be like hey very fun like direct demo to be like hey look we can I can show you right here look we can I can show you right here look we can I can show you right here for this open source repo like the for this open source repo like the for this open source repo like the copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the
[01:34:23] copilot SDK or the copilot CLI what the major changes are and that all happens major changes are and that all happens major changes are and that all happens inside of this team's meeting. Uh so inside of this team's meeting. Uh so inside of this team's meeting. Uh so that's been a really cool surface for us that's been a really cool surface for us that's been a really cool surface for us to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods to kind of explore. Okay, so demo gods have blessed us and just in time we have blessed us and just in time we have blessed us and just in time we have this rendering of the history class this rendering of the history class this rendering of the history class history and you can see that the history and you can see that the history and you can see that the model has made some creative sales pitch model has made some creative sales pitch model has made some creative sales pitch here around every class leaves a mark. here around every class leaves a mark. here around every class leaves a mark. Um but it's showing over time kind of Um but it's showing over time kind of Um but it's showing over time kind of like the history of what classes um like the history of what classes um like the history of what classes um where like you know yoga, pilates, where like you know yoga, pilates, where like you know yoga, pilates, cycling, and strength are called out. Um cycling, and strength are called out. Um
[01:34:53] cycling, and strength are called out. Um this is like kind of what I had in mind. this is like kind of what I had in mind. this is like kind of what I had in mind. I think we could definitely iterate on I think we could definitely iterate on I think we could definitely iterate on it. This fake data looks very fake, but it. This fake data looks very fake, but it. This fake data looks very fake, but uh that's not what the demo is about. uh that's not what the demo is about. uh that's not what the demo is about. The demo is about showing you how The demo is about showing you how The demo is about showing you how powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in powerful uh GitHub Copilot is in multiple surfaces and meeting you where multiple surfaces and meeting you where multiple surfaces and meeting you where you are. And so I think this timing you are. And so I think this timing you are. And so I think this timing worked out perfectly. I could not have worked out perfectly. I could not have worked out perfectly. I could not have planned it better where you can kind of planned it better where you can kind of planned it better where you can kind of see this endto-end flow and how fast it see this endto-end flow and how fast it see this endto-end flow and how fast it feels, how connected it is um to our feels, how connected it is um to our feels, how connected it is um to our existing github.com experience. Uh and I existing github.com experience. Uh and I existing github.com experience. Uh and I hope that you all try it out. I hope you hope that you all try it out. I hope you
[01:35:24] hope that you all try it out. I hope you give us lots of feedback. I'm available give us lots of feedback. I'm available give us lots of feedback. I'm available on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as on Twitter. A lot of us are or X. Um, as well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like well as LinkedIn. Feel free to just like share all of your sentiment using the share all of your sentiment using the share all of your sentiment using the thing. We're making it better every day. thing. We're making it better every day. thing. We're making it better every day. And, uh, hope that regardless what And, uh, hope that regardless what And, uh, hope that regardless what client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot client you're using from GitHub C-Pilot that it's doing the job and you're that it's doing the job and you're that it's doing the job and you're loving the experience. So, with that loving the experience. So, with that loving the experience. So, with that said, I will hand it back to Burke. said, I will hand it back to Burke. said, I will hand it back to Burke. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub >> Thank you so much, Megan. I love GitHub Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, Copilot in Teams and Slack. You know, for a long time work happens in Teams
[01:35:54] for a long time work happens in Teams for a long time work happens in Teams and Slack and then you have to get that and Slack and then you have to get that and Slack and then you have to get that from there over to GitHub Copilot. from there over to GitHub Copilot. from there over to GitHub Copilot. There's a lot of context switching and There's a lot of context switching and There's a lot of context switching and the answer was well install an MCP the answer was well install an MCP the answer was well install an MCP server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub server in Teams uh excuse me GitHub copilot so you can access Teams or Slack copilot so you can access Teams or Slack copilot so you can access Teams or Slack and now it's just in the place where and now it's just in the place where and now it's just in the place where you're already collaborating with other you're already collaborating with other you're already collaborating with other people. Um, and someone once said that people. Um, and someone once said that people. Um, and someone once said that some of these interfaces are perfect for some of these interfaces are perfect for some of these interfaces are perfect for inter for iterating with agents, and I inter for iterating with agents, and I inter for iterating with agents, and I tend to agree. Now, one of the things tend to agree. Now, one of the things
[01:36:24] tend to agree. Now, one of the things that we released this last week was the that we released this last week was the that we released this last week was the official Visual Studio Code documentary. official Visual Studio Code documentary. official Visual Studio Code documentary. This is a film that has been several This is a film that has been several This is a film that has been several years in the making. It started quite a years in the making. It started quite a years in the making. It started quite a while ago. It chronicles the entire while ago. It chronicles the entire while ago. It chronicles the entire story of Visual Studio Code, where it story of Visual Studio Code, where it story of Visual Studio Code, where it came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's came from, how it came to be. Uh, it's fascinating. It's a fascinating story. fascinating. It's a fascinating story. fascinating. It's a fascinating story. It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot It goes back a long ways. It's got a lot of twists and turns and we've got a of twists and turns and we've got a of twists and turns and we've got a trailer for you. Check it out. trailer for you. Check it out. trailer for you. Check it out. >> Something was happening in the developer >> Something was happening in the developer
[01:36:54] >> Something was happening in the developer world and that was because of the web. world and that was because of the web. world and that was because of the web. We knew that if we wanted to stay We knew that if we wanted to stay We knew that if we wanted to stay relevant with developers, we had to do relevant with developers, we had to do relevant with developers, we had to do something. >> So, our whole effort at that point was >> So, our whole effort at that point was >> So, our whole effort at that point was to try to build this editor to see if it to try to build this editor to see if it to try to build this editor to see if it could work in the browser and then go could work in the browser and then go could work in the browser and then go from there. Literally, they want to be from there. Literally, they want to be from there. Literally, they want to be able to go from their brain down their able to go from their brain down their able to go from their brain down their arms to their fingers without having to arms to their fingers without having to arms to their fingers without having to think. >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um >> Yeah. So, there were a lot of um interesting challenges. It would just interesting challenges. It would just interesting challenges. It would just crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. crash, right? It wouldn't give errors. It would crash. It would crash. It would crash. >> The browser be a little bit early. You >> The browser be a little bit early. You >> The browser be a little bit early. You cannot just theorize. You don't become cannot just theorize. You don't become cannot just theorize. You don't become relevant with nice architecture relevant with nice architecture
[01:37:24] relevant with nice architecture diagrams. You become relevant when you diagrams. You become relevant when you diagrams. You become relevant when you have something to hand you can ship and have something to hand you can ship and have something to hand you can ship and you can demo. It was a showcase for you can demo. It was a showcase for you can demo. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for Electron. It was a showcase for TypeScript. It was a showcase that a TypeScript. It was a showcase that a TypeScript. It was a showcase that a cross-platform app at that time 10 years cross-platform app at that time 10 years cross-platform app at that time 10 years ago could do the stuff that it did. But ago could do the stuff that it did. But ago could do the stuff that it did. But then co-pilot completions came. I think then co-pilot completions came. I think then co-pilot completions came. I think it marked a real transition for us from it marked a real transition for us from it marked a real transition for us from a mature market understanding what a mature market understanding what a mature market understanding what people want and need to they actually people want and need to they actually people want and need to they actually don't really know. don't really know.
[01:37:54] don't really know. >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember >> Hi, I'm Tyler Leanhart. You may remember me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code me from uh my oneliner in the VS Code documentary and also my college documentary and also my college documentary and also my college submission to a film festival. I'm going submission to a film festival. I'm going submission to a film festival. I'm going to be talking to you about BY and to be talking to you about BY and to be talking to you about BY and multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what multi-agent harness in VS Code. So, what does that even mean? Uh well, it's does that even mean? Uh well, it's does that even mean? Uh well, it's basically two kinds of freedom, right? basically two kinds of freedom, right? basically two kinds of freedom, right? Copilot, as you know, already provides Copilot, as you know, already provides Copilot, as you know, already provides multi- uh models, models from uh various multi- uh models, models from uh various multi- uh models, models from uh various different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic, different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic,
[01:38:24] different vendors, OpenAI, Anthropic, etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get etc. Uh but uh you don't have to get your models directly from a co-pilot your models directly from a co-pilot your models directly from a co-pilot subscription. We also support BY and subscription. We also support BY and subscription. We also support BY and that means bring your own key. So that means bring your own key. So that means bring your own key. So that means using the compute that you already means using the compute that you already means using the compute that you already have or if you're working inside of a have or if you're working inside of a have or if you're working inside of a private or air gap network uh that also private or air gap network uh that also private or air gap network uh that also works or if you run uh models locally on works or if you run uh models locally on works or if you run uh models locally on your machine, you can al also bring your machine, you can al also bring your machine, you can al also bring those in to the C-pilot uh agent those in to the C-pilot uh agent those in to the C-pilot uh agent harness. Uh but that's not the only bit harness. Uh but that's not the only bit harness. Uh but that's not the only bit of flexibility that we have in VS Code of flexibility that we have in VS Code of flexibility that we have in VS Code and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code
[01:38:54] and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code and the Copilot agent. Uh in VS Code itself, you have uh you have an agent itself, you have uh you have an agent itself, you have uh you have an agent choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as choice as well. So we have C-Pilot as our as our default agent. Uh we think our as our default agent. Uh we think our as our default agent. Uh we think it's pretty great. Uh but if you also it's pretty great. Uh but if you also it's pretty great. Uh but if you also want to try out some other harnesses, want to try out some other harnesses, want to try out some other harnesses, we've got Claude and Codeex available we've got Claude and Codeex available we've got Claude and Codeex available for you to try out. Uh so you can keep for you to try out. Uh so you can keep for you to try out. Uh so you can keep using the tools that feel natural to using the tools that feel natural to using the tools that feel natural to you. uh and you have one UI, one place you. uh and you have one UI, one place you. uh and you have one UI, one place uh to interact with those agents, and uh to interact with those agents, and uh to interact with those agents, and that's VS Code. So, what does any of that's VS Code. So, what does any of that's VS Code. So, what does any of that mean? I feel like I just need to that mean? I feel like I just need to
[01:39:24] that mean? I feel like I just need to show you a demo. And so, let me tell you show you a demo. And so, let me tell you show you a demo. And so, let me tell you what I'm going to show you. So, we've what I'm going to show you. So, we've what I'm going to show you. So, we've got three different harnesses. We got three different harnesses. We got three different harnesses. We got Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want Copilot, Claude, and Codeex. And I want to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like to show you uh BY stuff uh and also like how these things uh can be integrated how these things uh can be integrated how these things uh can be integrated with not only Copilot as the model with not only Copilot as the model with not only Copilot as the model provider, but other providers as well. provider, but other providers as well. provider, but other providers as well. So copilot uh copilot harness is going So copilot uh copilot harness is going So copilot uh copilot harness is going to use bio uh via open router. So I'm to use bio uh via open router. So I'm to use bio uh via open router. So I'm going to provide an open router API key going to provide an open router API key going to provide an open router API key and we'll get models from that and use and we'll get models from that and use and we'll get models from that and use that in the copilot harness. Our claude that in the copilot harness. Our claude
[01:39:55] that in the copilot harness. Our claude agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an agent is going to use uh anthropic uh an anthropic API key. Um and then the anthropic API key. Um and then the anthropic API key. Um and then the codeex uh agent harness is going to codeex uh agent harness is going to codeex uh agent harness is going to actually have chatpt signin. In other actually have chatpt signin. In other actually have chatpt signin. In other words, a catchp subscription to use uh words, a catchp subscription to use uh words, a catchp subscription to use uh in the codeex in the codeex agent inside in the codeex in the codeex agent inside in the codeex in the codeex agent inside of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but of VS code. Uh, so that's a lot, but I've got six minutes to do it. And so, I've got six minutes to do it. And so, I've got six minutes to do it. And so, let's just go ahead and get started. I'm let's just go ahead and get started. I'm let's just go ahead and get started. I'm going to hit uh click to get that going to hit uh click to get that going to hit uh click to get that going. All right, so VS Code, you know going. All right, so VS Code, you know
[01:40:25] going. All right, so VS Code, you know it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going it, I know it, I love it. Uh, I'm going to do this demo from inside of the to do this demo from inside of the to do this demo from inside of the agents window, which you can get at the agents window, which you can get at the agents window, which you can get at the very top of the editor window. We can very top of the editor window. We can very top of the editor window. We can open an agents window. This is our like open an agents window. This is our like open an agents window. This is our like kind of uh top level view of all of your kind of uh top level view of all of your kind of uh top level view of all of your agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, agent sessions, your chat sessions. Uh, when you get here, you can see that I'm when you get here, you can see that I'm when you get here, you can see that I'm not actually signed in with GitHub or a not actually signed in with GitHub or a not actually signed in with GitHub or a co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I co-pilot subscription today. Um, and I need to add models. Now, I could sign in need to add models. Now, I could sign in need to add models. Now, I could sign in and get my C-pilot subscription, but and get my C-pilot subscription, but and get my C-pilot subscription, but that's not what this talk is about yet. that's not what this talk is about yet. that's not what this talk is about yet. I want to actually add models through a I want to actually add models through a
[01:40:56] I want to actually add models through a different mechanism. So, I'm going to different mechanism. So, I'm going to different mechanism. So, I'm going to add models, and I'm going to go to open add models, and I'm going to go to open add models, and I'm going to go to open router, and I'm going to tab over, copy router, and I'm going to tab over, copy router, and I'm going to tab over, copy my open router API key, my open router API key, my open router API key, JK, and put that here. And you can see JK, and put that here. And you can see JK, and put that here. And you can see that brings in just a ton of models that brings in just a ton of models that brings in just a ton of models here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going here, right? Great. So, uh, we're going to hide all of those because I really to hide all of those because I really to hide all of those because I really don't want to be overwhelmed with how don't want to be overwhelmed with how don't want to be overwhelmed with how many models they have. And then we're many models they have. And then we're many models they have. And then we're going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku going to add, uh, we'll just have Haiku there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there. Okay, sound good. Uh so from there I can go to the model picker in there I can go to the model picker in there I can go to the model picker in the agent harness uh in the agents the agent harness uh in the agents
[01:41:28] the agent harness uh in the agents window here and I can say uh what kind window here and I can say uh what kind window here and I can say uh what kind of uh who are you of uh who are you of uh who are you and what tools do you have? Now what's important to note is that Now what's important to note is that like the copilot agent, the claude agent like the copilot agent, the claude agent like the copilot agent, the claude agent and the codeex agent, they all bring and the codeex agent, they all bring and the codeex agent, they all bring their own prompts and they bring their own prompts and they bring their own prompts and they bring their own tools as well. So uh they're going own tools as well. So uh they're going own tools as well. So uh they're going to function differently. Uh but that is to function differently. Uh but that is to function differently. Uh but that is the beauty of being able to try all of the beauty of being able to try all of the beauty of being able to try all of them right within VS Code. So this one them right within VS Code. So this one them right within VS Code. So this one says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in
[01:41:59] says, "Hey, I'm the co-pilot SDK uh in VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a VS Code." Great. So I'm going to make a new chat. Hit the agent harness drop new chat. Hit the agent harness drop new chat. Hit the agent harness drop down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've down here and pick Claude. Uh now I've already hooked up a Claude API key uh already hooked up a Claude API key uh already hooked up a Claude API key uh this way. And you can see uh in my this way. And you can see uh in my this way. And you can see uh in my claude settings file here, I'm using uh claude settings file here, I'm using uh claude settings file here, I'm using uh this API key helper here so I don't uh this API key helper here so I don't uh this API key helper here so I don't uh leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so leak my anthropic API key. Uh and so then I'm going to ask Claude the same then I'm going to ask Claude the same then I'm going to ask Claude the same question as before again using Haiku question as before again using Haiku question as before again using Haiku because I only got six minutes to go because I only got six minutes to go because I only got six minutes to go through this demo. And you can see that through this demo. And you can see that
[01:42:29] through this demo. And you can see that Claude says that it's Claude obviously Claude says that it's Claude obviously Claude says that it's Claude obviously and uh and tools that it has. Uh and uh and tools that it has. Uh and uh and tools that it has. Uh and then finally I wanted to show you codeex then finally I wanted to show you codeex then finally I wanted to show you codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex as well. Uh so when you pick codeex you've got the option of course to sign you've got the option of course to sign you've got the option of course to sign into GitHub. We'll cover that in a into GitHub. We'll cover that in a into GitHub. We'll cover that in a second. Uh but you can sign in with your second. Uh but you can sign in with your second. Uh but you can sign in with your chatpt subscription as well. So I will chatpt subscription as well. So I will chatpt subscription as well. So I will uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt uh go ahead and pick uh my chatpt subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription here. It's a it's a free subscription, right? The the one that subscription, right? The the one that subscription, right? The the one that like so many people have uh and I'm like so many people have uh and I'm like so many people have uh and I'm going to go to my phone in order to get going to go to my phone in order to get going to go to my phone in order to get a code uh because that's the only way to a code uh because that's the only way to
[01:43:00] a code uh because that's the only way to log into things these days. Uh great. Cool. great. Cool. And then uh we'll be signed in here in a And then uh we'll be signed in here in a And then uh we'll be signed in here in a second. Now I have to enter a phone second. Now I have to enter a phone second. Now I have to enter a phone number. This is not right. number. This is not right. number. This is not right. Let me sign in with a different account. Let me sign in with a different account. Let me sign in with a different account. Yeah, I know I have another account Yeah, I know I have another account Yeah, I know I have another account here. I know you wanted to spend so much time I know you wanted to spend so much time I know you wanted to spend so much time just watching me sign into uh to a just watching me sign into uh to a just watching me sign into uh to a screen here. All right, one more code. I screen here. All right, one more code. I
[01:43:32] screen here. All right, one more code. I promise. Great. All right. Also a phone number. That's crazy. This Also a phone number. That's crazy. This didn't happen when I was doing the demo didn't happen when I was doing the demo didn't happen when I was doing the demo earlier. I'm going to give myself 30 seconds to
[01:44:07] I'm going to give myself 30 seconds to put this code in. Talk about uh security here from OpenAI, Talk about uh security here from OpenAI, huh? It's pretty good. All right, huh? It's pretty good. All right, huh? It's pretty good. All right, great. Here we go. So now we're signed into codeex and uh I So now we're signed into codeex and uh I can say can say can say the same prompt to uh to Luna here and the same prompt to uh to Luna here and
[01:44:39] the same prompt to uh to Luna here and we see that we have the codeex uh we see that we have the codeex uh we see that we have the codeex uh harness as well. And so I'm signed in harness as well. And so I'm signed in harness as well. And so I'm signed in with my chatbt uh free skew. So last with my chatbt uh free skew. So last with my chatbt uh free skew. So last thing I wanted to show here is that I thing I wanted to show here is that I thing I wanted to show here is that I can also sign into my co-pilot can also sign into my co-pilot can also sign into my co-pilot subscription. So I'll go ahead and do subscription. So I'll go ahead and do subscription. So I'll go ahead and do that hopefully without having to uh put that hopefully without having to uh put that hopefully without having to uh put in a bunch of random stuff. in a bunch of random stuff. in a bunch of random stuff. Um, great. So fast. We love to see it. And great. So fast. We love to see it. And great. So fast. We love to see it. And uh, with this, I'm now signing with my uh, with this, I'm now signing with my uh, with this, I'm now signing with my co-pilot subscription. And one of the co-pilot subscription. And one of the co-pilot subscription. And one of the benefits of the co-pilot subscription is benefits of the co-pilot subscription is
[01:45:10] benefits of the co-pilot subscription is that I can actually like I can interact that I can actually like I can interact that I can actually like I can interact with all of these harnesses through my with all of these harnesses through my with all of these harnesses through my co-pilot subscription. So, I get access co-pilot subscription. So, I get access co-pilot subscription. So, I get access to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now to everything. Uh, I can say hi here now using uh using uh using uh using Luna from my co-pilot using Luna from my co-pilot using Luna from my co-pilot subscription. And also you can see subscription. And also you can see subscription. And also you can see there's a section for uh co-pilot here there's a section for uh co-pilot here there's a section for uh co-pilot here uh in claude and also in of course uh in claude and also in of course uh in claude and also in of course uh copilot right so I can use all of these copilot right so I can use all of these copilot right so I can use all of these harnesses with a co-pilot subscription harnesses with a co-pilot subscription
[01:45:41] harnesses with a co-pilot subscription and that's uh one thing that I think is and that's uh one thing that I think is and that's uh one thing that I think is really powerful about a copilot really powerful about a copilot really powerful about a copilot subscription is that you can you can subscription is that you can you can subscription is that you can you can actually play with all of these actually play with all of these actually play with all of these harnesses uh without having to uh have harnesses uh without having to uh have harnesses uh without having to uh have multiple subscriptions across different multiple subscriptions across different multiple subscriptions across different um different places. So, uh, all right. um different places. So, uh, all right. um different places. So, uh, all right. Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, Well, okay. Hey, that was actually, uh, not so bad all things considered uh, not so bad all things considered uh, not so bad all things considered with the with text messages and whatnot. with the with text messages and whatnot. with the with text messages and whatnot. So, just to recap what you what you just So, just to recap what you what you just So, just to recap what you what you just saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, saw in that demo, the co-pilot harness, I first added an open router API key uh, I first added an open router API key uh,
[01:46:13] I first added an open router API key uh, showing that we have by uh, support in showing that we have by uh, support in showing that we have by uh, support in the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud the co-pilot harness. Then in the cloud agent we added uh an anthropic API key agent we added uh an anthropic API key agent we added uh an anthropic API key and used uh anthropic uh API key compute and used uh anthropic uh API key compute and used uh anthropic uh API key compute through the cloud agent. And in the through the cloud agent. And in the through the cloud agent. And in the codeex agent we added a chatp codeex agent we added a chatp codeex agent we added a chatp subscription to sign in and use the subscription to sign in and use the subscription to sign in and use the codeex agent. Now of course you can codeex agent. Now of course you can codeex agent. Now of course you can configure all three of those agents with configure all three of those agents with configure all three of those agents with their own subscriptions and their own their own subscriptions and their own their own subscriptions and their own ways of getting models or you could keep ways of getting models or you could keep ways of getting models or you could keep it simple and just use a copilot it simple and just use a copilot it simple and just use a copilot subscription which would give you access subscription which would give you access subscription which would give you access to all of those all from within VS Code. to all of those all from within VS Code.
[01:46:45] to all of those all from within VS Code. So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in So, uh, that is my biggest takeaway in all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, all of this. Uh, go forth and go play, uh, and have fun with, uh, with these uh, and have fun with, uh, with these uh, and have fun with, uh, with these different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all different, uh, agents. Uh, they're all powered by something called, uh, agent powered by something called, uh, agent powered by something called, uh, agent host protocol, which my friend Patrick host protocol, which my friend Patrick host protocol, which my friend Patrick is going to tell you about in a little is going to tell you about in a little is going to tell you about in a little bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and bit. Uh, but, uh, yeah, Claude and Codeex are a couple of harnesses we Codeex are a couple of harnesses we Codeex are a couple of harnesses we support today. Uh, we're thinking about support today. Uh, we're thinking about support today. Uh, we're thinking about expanding those to harnesses beyond expanding those to harnesses beyond expanding those to harnesses beyond those uh, those two uh, third party those uh, those two uh, third party those uh, those two uh, third party harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look harnesses. But uh but yeah, take a look at this space. It's it's really fun, at this space. It's it's really fun,
[01:47:16] at this space. It's it's really fun, really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh really cool. Uh and yeah, that's uh that's actually uh all I have to say. that's actually uh all I have to say. that's actually uh all I have to say. Um my demo actually was a lot faster Um my demo actually was a lot faster Um my demo actually was a lot faster than before. So um sweet. than before. So um sweet. than before. So um sweet. I guess I will just pass it on over to I guess I will just pass it on over to I guess I will just pass it on over to the next segment, which is a very cool the next segment, which is a very cool the next segment, which is a very cool video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you video. Just you wait. With VS Code, you have a fleet of agents ready to help you have a fleet of agents ready to help you have a fleet of agents ready to help you plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. plan, build, test, and deploy your apps. Now, for the longest time, agent Now, for the longest time, agent Now, for the longest time, agent sessions have been tied to the window sessions have been tied to the window sessions have been tied to the window that started them. But the team thought that started them. But the team thought
[01:47:46] that started them. But the team thought to themselves, "What if your agents to themselves, "What if your agents to themselves, "What if your agents could keep running after you close the could keep running after you close the could keep running after you close the folder? What if you could pick them up folder? What if you could pick them up folder? What if you could pick them up on another machine or even on the web?" on another machine or even on the web?" on another machine or even on the web?" The agent host capabilities in VS Code The agent host capabilities in VS Code The agent host capabilities in VS Code brings you all of this and more, brings you all of this and more, brings you all of this and more, enabling the ability to run sessions on enabling the ability to run sessions on enabling the ability to run sessions on their own dedicated process. So, it's their own dedicated process. So, it's their own dedicated process. So, it's not tied to any window, any client, or not tied to any window, any client, or not tied to any window, any client, or any machine. The session is still any machine. The session is still any machine. The session is still running. It didn't miss a beat because running. It didn't miss a beat because running. It didn't miss a beat because the session lives in the host process. the session lives in the host process. the session lives in the host process. Now, when I'm working across multiple Now, when I'm working across multiple
[01:48:16] Now, when I'm working across multiple sessions and projects, I live in the sessions and projects, I live in the sessions and projects, I live in the agents window. So, let's open that up. agents window. So, let's open that up. agents window. So, let's open that up. And there it is, the exact same live And there it is, the exact same live And there it is, the exact same live session. It's not a copy. So, no matter session. It's not a copy. So, no matter session. It's not a copy. So, no matter where I'm working, the session is there where I'm working, the session is there where I'm working, the session is there for me. With agent host, you can take for me. With agent host, you can take for me. With agent host, you can take your sessions wherever you go. And from your sessions wherever you go. And from your sessions wherever you go. And from here, I can connect to my agent host here, I can connect to my agent host here, I can connect to my agent host machine and see the same exact sessions machine and see the same exact sessions machine and see the same exact sessions all still running. all still running. all still running. >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick >> Hey everyone, my name is Patrick Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the Nicolet. I'm a product manager on the GitHub copilot team. I specifically work GitHub copilot team. I specifically work GitHub copilot team. I specifically work on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which on the Copilot SDK and runtime, which gives me an ability to work across many gives me an ability to work across many
[01:48:47] gives me an ability to work across many surfaces and accomplish many tasks surfaces and accomplish many tasks surfaces and accomplish many tasks related to the needs that agents are related to the needs that agents are related to the needs that agents are supposed to live up to and be supposed to live up to and be supposed to live up to and be responsible for in the future as we make responsible for in the future as we make responsible for in the future as we make this transition to this exciting new this transition to this exciting new this transition to this exciting new world. Before I dive into the core world. Before I dive into the core world. Before I dive into the core topic which is the agent host protocol, topic which is the agent host protocol, topic which is the agent host protocol, I want to touch a little bit on the I want to touch a little bit on the I want to touch a little bit on the copilot SDK and how it relates to agent copilot SDK and how it relates to agent copilot SDK and how it relates to agent host protocol in particular and some of host protocol in particular and some of host protocol in particular and some of the investments that we're making over the investments that we're making over the investments that we're making over here at GitHub and some of the exciting here at GitHub and some of the exciting here at GitHub and some of the exciting new features that will be landing in the new features that will be landing in the new features that will be landing in the coming months here. For context, the coming months here. For context, the coming months here. For context, the GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting GitHub copilot SDK is our latest cutting edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's
[01:49:19] edge modern runtime for agents. Uh it's used within GitHub. It's also used within GitHub. It's also used within GitHub. It's also used across Microsoft such as the office across Microsoft such as the office across Microsoft such as the office products to power the new agent mode products to power the new agent mode products to power the new agent mode capabilities that exist in those capabilities that exist in those capabilities that exist in those services as well. Uh when you think services as well. Uh when you think services as well. Uh when you think about the actual runtime, uh it's highly about the actual runtime, uh it's highly about the actual runtime, uh it's highly portable. It's designed to run in a portable. It's designed to run in a portable. It's designed to run in a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different environments, a whole host of different constraints are whole host of different constraints are whole host of different constraints are able to be applied to it. Just looking able to be applied to it. Just looking able to be applied to it. Just looking at the basic setup guides, you can see at the basic setup guides, you can see at the basic setup guides, you can see how diverse the actual environments how diverse the actual environments how diverse the actual environments are that you can stick the runtime in are that you can stick the runtime in are that you can stick the runtime in today and then you know what additional today and then you know what additional today and then you know what additional problems start surfacing after that problems start surfacing after that
[01:49:50] problems start surfacing after that point. Um the runtime can be actually point. Um the runtime can be actually point. Um the runtime can be actually baked on your local machine as a local baked on your local machine as a local baked on your local machine as a local personal productivity application can be personal productivity application can be personal productivity application can be hosted in a managed service in the cloud hosted in a managed service in the cloud hosted in a managed service in the cloud can be run in process and other can be run in process and other can be run in process and other applications. Um, we've recently made applications. Um, we've recently made applications. Um, we've recently made some improvements to our runtime that some improvements to our runtime that some improvements to our runtime that enable even more platforms that you can enable even more platforms that you can enable even more platforms that you can embed it in and run it on as well. Um, embed it in and run it on as well. Um, embed it in and run it on as well. Um, but agent host protocol comes in at a but agent host protocol comes in at a but agent host protocol comes in at a really important intersection between really important intersection between really important intersection between runtime capabilities and your ability to runtime capabilities and your ability to runtime capabilities and your ability to access that runtime wherever you are. access that runtime wherever you are. access that runtime wherever you are. And so something that the team has been And so something that the team has been
[01:50:20] And so something that the team has been excited to be working on since earlier excited to be working on since earlier excited to be working on since earlier this year, we call it the agent host this year, we call it the agent host this year, we call it the agent host protocol. uh which is essentially a protocol. uh which is essentially a protocol. uh which is essentially a definition for a protocol that can be definition for a protocol that can be definition for a protocol that can be wrapped around not just the GitHub wrapped around not just the GitHub wrapped around not just the GitHub copilot runtime uh but any runtime on copilot runtime uh but any runtime on copilot runtime uh but any runtime on the market today or any other agentic the market today or any other agentic the market today or any other agentic application. The core responsibility of application. The core responsibility of application. The core responsibility of the protocol is to make sure that we can the protocol is to make sure that we can the protocol is to make sure that we can meet users wherever they are. Um while meet users wherever they are. Um while meet users wherever they are. Um while your hosts might be running different your hosts might be running different your hosts might be running different runtimes at different points in time, runtimes at different points in time, runtimes at different points in time, your ability to access that host is more your ability to access that host is more your ability to access that host is more diverse than ever. uh we have laptops, diverse than ever. uh we have laptops,
[01:50:52] diverse than ever. uh we have laptops, we have phones, uh sometimes we will be we have phones, uh sometimes we will be we have phones, uh sometimes we will be introduced to new form factors like the introduced to new form factors like the introduced to new form factors like the Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think Duo that we saw yesterday. And I think we're really preparing for a world where we're really preparing for a world where we're really preparing for a world where your agents can literally run anywhere. your agents can literally run anywhere. your agents can literally run anywhere. You can move them between locations and You can move them between locations and You can move them between locations and more importantly, no matter which form more importantly, no matter which form more importantly, no matter which form factor or device you have available to factor or device you have available to factor or device you have available to you, you have access to that agent as you, you have access to that agent as you, you have access to that agent as well. Uh, and so while we continue to well. Uh, and so while we continue to well. Uh, and so while we continue to bring these capabilities into places bring these capabilities into places bring these capabilities into places like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot like VS Code and our GitHub Cobbot runtime as well as our other developer runtime as well as our other developer runtime as well as our other developer services, we can already show off some services, we can already show off some
[01:51:22] services, we can already show off some of the directions that we're already of the directions that we're already of the directions that we're already heading and hopefully uh you'll be heading and hopefully uh you'll be heading and hopefully uh you'll be excited to see where we're leading excited to see where we're leading excited to see where we're leading to in the future. Uh, to actually show to in the future. Uh, to actually show to in the future. Uh, to actually show off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm off the agent host protocol, uh, I'm going to use something that is very going to use something that is very going to use something that is very common in the developer circles. Uh, I common in the developer circles. Uh, I common in the developer circles. Uh, I think you'll find many of us have our think you'll find many of us have our think you'll find many of us have our own private little tail scale networks. own private little tail scale networks. own private little tail scale networks. uh where at home, you know, I'm running uh where at home, you know, I'm running uh where at home, you know, I'm running a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all a Mac, Windows, a Linux machine at all times. Each run is running C-pilot times. Each run is running C-pilot times. Each run is running C-pilot agents uh as well as other agents too. agents uh as well as other agents too. agents uh as well as other agents too. Um but I'm always limited by the fact Um but I'm always limited by the fact Um but I'm always limited by the fact that I need to have a device connected that I need to have a device connected
[01:51:52] that I need to have a device connected to my tail scale network to even access to my tail scale network to even access to my tail scale network to even access those machines and really want to set those machines and really want to set those machines and really want to set the stage to break free of even that the stage to break free of even that the stage to break free of even that constraint in the new world. Uh so the constraint in the new world. Uh so the constraint in the new world. Uh so the first thing that I'll do is I'll first thing that I'll do is I'll first thing that I'll do is I'll actually just go ahead and log into my actually just go ahead and log into my actually just go ahead and log into my home .naz. At this point, uh, I think home .naz. At this point, uh, I think home .naz. At this point, uh, I think we're all going to end up with 80 terbte we're all going to end up with 80 terbte we're all going to end up with 80 terbte Naz at home, but this is my personal one Naz at home, but this is my personal one Naz at home, but this is my personal one that I use to host large files, all of that I use to host large files, all of that I use to host large files, all of the stuff, uh, my family likes to store the stuff, uh, my family likes to store the stuff, uh, my family likes to store and keep a nice archive of what's and keep a nice archive of what's and keep a nice archive of what's going on as well as do some coding work. going on as well as do some coding work. going on as well as do some coding work. Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients. Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients.
[01:52:23] Uh, AHP comes with a variety of clients. Um, we have built one internally that Um, we have built one internally that Um, we have built one internally that we're using as a reference we're using as a reference we're using as a reference implementation to bring capabilities implementation to bring capabilities implementation to bring capabilities down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a down into other surfaces. I I'll talk a little bit about how you can play with little bit about how you can play with little bit about how you can play with your own host in a little bit, but for your own host in a little bit, but for your own host in a little bit, but for now I'm going to use this one we call now I'm going to use this one we call now I'm going to use this one we call Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to Copilot D. Uh Copilot D allows us to spin up a service on any host. Um we spin up a service on any host. Um we spin up a service on any host. Um we can, as you can see in this argument can, as you can see in this argument can, as you can see in this argument here, open up a relay. We can define an here, open up a relay. We can define an here, open up a relay. We can define an environment name easily. So this is my environment name easily. So this is my environment name easily. So this is my home Linux machine. Um there's a home Linux machine. Um there's a home Linux machine. Um there's a workspace folder. So when you actually workspace folder. So when you actually workspace folder. So when you actually run the host, you know, what current run the host, you know, what current
[01:52:54] run the host, you know, what current working directory is it uh traditionally working directory is it uh traditionally working directory is it uh traditionally limited to? You can have more than one limited to? You can have more than one limited to? You can have more than one if you'd like to as well. and then what if you'd like to as well. and then what if you'd like to as well. and then what do you want to expose it on and do you want to expose it on and do you want to expose it on and what's the basic log output level. Um what's the basic log output level. Um what's the basic log output level. Um when you'll see the host spin up when you'll see the host spin up when you'll see the host spin up itself um what it does is it produces an itself um what it does is it produces an itself um what it does is it produces an environment identifier. We're just going environment identifier. We're just going environment identifier. We're just going to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the to go ahead and copy that. Uh in the future we're going to make this even future we're going to make this even future we're going to make this even friendlier and easier to use. But for friendlier and easier to use. But for friendlier and easier to use. But for now the environment ID will be all that now the environment ID will be all that now the environment ID will be all that we need. And we now have a host running we need. And we now have a host running we need. And we now have a host running on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean on this machine. Uh which doesn't mean much by itself. But when I actually come
[01:53:24] much by itself. But when I actually come much by itself. But when I actually come back to my local machine, which I'll do back to my local machine, which I'll do back to my local machine, which I'll do over here on this tab right here, I can over here on this tab right here, I can over here on this tab right here, I can actually just go right into the copilot actually just go right into the copilot actually just go right into the copilot CLI directly, which hopefully you all CLI directly, which hopefully you all CLI directly, which hopefully you all are very familiar with at this point. are very familiar with at this point. are very familiar with at this point. Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And Um, we'll go ahead and turn it on. And then inside of uh upcoming builds, then inside of uh upcoming builds, then inside of uh upcoming builds, there's a slash AHP command. Um, what there's a slash AHP command. Um, what there's a slash AHP command. Um, what this allows you to do is connect to this allows you to do is connect to this allows you to do is connect to hosts. It allows you to see sessions hosts. It allows you to see sessions hosts. It allows you to see sessions across the hosts, restart them. Um across the hosts, restart them. Um across the hosts, restart them. Um there's a few other exciting features there's a few other exciting features
[01:53:54] there's a few other exciting features related to it as well, but to really related to it as well, but to really related to it as well, but to really show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm show off the core AHP concepts. What I'm going to first do is just show you the going to first do is just show you the going to first do is just show you the host command. Um we are not attached to host command. Um we are not attached to host command. Um we are not attached to any host currently. The Copilot CLI any host currently. The Copilot CLI any host currently. The Copilot CLI hasn't been configured to be connected hasn't been configured to be connected hasn't been configured to be connected to one. But what I can do is run an AP to one. But what I can do is run an AP to one. But what I can do is run an AP cloud command. Give it the environment cloud command. Give it the environment cloud command. Give it the environment variable itself. And then if we flip variable itself. And then if we flip variable itself. And then if we flip back over to this AHP uh tab, we should back over to this AHP uh tab, we should back over to this AHP uh tab, we should see some connections coming in as well. see some connections coming in as well. see some connections coming in as well. Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged
[01:54:25] Um the nice thing is uh now I bridged essentially my local copilot CLI essentially my local copilot CLI essentially my local copilot CLI instance to the cloud uh through the instance to the cloud uh through the instance to the cloud uh through the cloud to my local machine which is the cloud to my local machine which is the cloud to my local machine which is the Linux box that's currently sitting at Linux box that's currently sitting at Linux box that's currently sitting at home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. home. I can rerun the AP hosts commands. You can see that we are connected You can see that we are connected You can see that we are connected externally through copilot D. You get externally through copilot D. You get externally through copilot D. You get protocol versions, environment ids, etc. protocol versions, environment ids, etc. protocol versions, environment ids, etc. Um, this is showing that not only am I Um, this is showing that not only am I Um, this is showing that not only am I able to run Copilot uh locally, but we able to run Copilot uh locally, but we able to run Copilot uh locally, but we are connected through uh my machine to are connected through uh my machine to are connected through uh my machine to my external home machine as well. If I my external home machine as well. If I
[01:54:55] my external home machine as well. If I want to actually use that instead, I can want to actually use that instead, I can want to actually use that instead, I can simply run a / ahp use command. This simply run a / ahp use command. This simply run a / ahp use command. This will allow me to connect directly to the will allow me to connect directly to the will allow me to connect directly to the machine and it will essentially uh machine and it will essentially uh machine and it will essentially uh enable me to create new sessions. It'll enable me to create new sessions. It'll enable me to create new sessions. It'll also allow me to attach, which I'll show also allow me to attach, which I'll show also allow me to attach, which I'll show you some of that fun flexibility in you some of that fun flexibility in you some of that fun flexibility in a second here. Uh if we want to start a second here. Uh if we want to start a second here. Uh if we want to start a new session uh we can just do / ahp new. new session uh we can just do / ahp new. new session uh we can just do / ahp new. This will uh update my interface to This will uh update my interface to This will uh update my interface to actually reflect the remote host actually reflect the remote host
[01:55:26] actually reflect the remote host instead. And so similar to the path that instead. And so similar to the path that instead. And so similar to the path that I showed you for my workspace folder. I showed you for my workspace folder. I showed you for my workspace folder. This is not actually anymore a directory This is not actually anymore a directory This is not actually anymore a directory on my local machine. This is actually on my local machine. This is actually on my local machine. This is actually spun up a runtime on my local Linux spun up a runtime on my local Linux spun up a runtime on my local Linux server at home. It's set the current server at home. It's set the current server at home. It's set the current working directory to the workspace working directory to the workspace working directory to the workspace folder that I'm running the AP host uh folder that I'm running the AP host uh folder that I'm running the AP host uh on directly and I can go ahead and on directly and I can go ahead and on directly and I can go ahead and interface with the agent directly on interface with the agent directly on interface with the agent directly on that machine. Um, one of the huge that machine. Um, one of the huge that machine. Um, one of the huge benefits of this again is that even benefits of this again is that even benefits of this again is that even though the runtime is running elsewhere, though the runtime is running elsewhere,
[01:55:57] though the runtime is running elsewhere, these really thin external clients, these really thin external clients, these really thin external clients, whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS whether it's the CLI, whether it's VS Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any Code, uh, the GitHub Copilot app, or any other client you'd like to build, uh, other client you'd like to build, uh, other client you'd like to build, uh, that aligns with the protocol, can that aligns with the protocol, can that aligns with the protocol, can access this uh, interface, can connect access this uh, interface, can connect access this uh, interface, can connect to this system, and can actually drive to this system, and can actually drive to this system, and can actually drive the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't the Agentic session. Um, but it doesn't really just stop there. Uh some of the really just stop there. Uh some of the really just stop there. Uh some of the unique capabilities that come with unique capabilities that come with unique capabilities that come with something like this uh that represent a something like this uh that represent a something like this uh that represent a really nice addition to our remoting really nice addition to our remoting really nice addition to our remoting technology is you're able to attach technology is you're able to attach technology is you're able to attach multiple sessions at the same time. Um multiple sessions at the same time. Um
[01:56:29] multiple sessions at the same time. Um so if I go ahead and add the AP host so if I go ahead and add the AP host so if I go ahead and add the AP host onto this client as well. I run a onto this client as well. I run a onto this client as well. I run a different command to take a look at the different command to take a look at the different command to take a look at the sessions. Oops. helps if I add an S on the end. You'll helps if I add an S on the end. You'll helps if I add an S on the end. You'll see that there is an active session see that there is an active session see that there is an active session which is this E39. You'll see the which is this E39. You'll see the which is this E39. You'll see the oneplus one which matches my prompts oneplus one which matches my prompts oneplus one which matches my prompts showing that uh I can actually uh attach showing that uh I can actually uh attach showing that uh I can actually uh attach to that session directly. So if I use to that session directly. So if I use
[01:57:01] to that session directly. So if I use AHP attach AHP attach AHP attach we copy this identifier right here we copy this identifier right here we copy this identifier right here we should be able to bridge our sessions we should be able to bridge our sessions we should be able to bridge our sessions together. And if you've used our together. And if you've used our together. And if you've used our remoting technology before, uh, remoting technology before, uh, remoting technology before, uh, typically it was poll based. It was typically it was poll based. It was typically it was poll based. It was really forcing you into a situation really forcing you into a situation really forcing you into a situation where you could have one active client, where you could have one active client, where you could have one active client, uh, that could steer the session itself. uh, that could steer the session itself. uh, that could steer the session itself. Now you get, um, more advanced Now you get, um, more advanced Now you get, um, more advanced capabilities when it comes to real-time capabilities when it comes to real-time capabilities when it comes to real-time replayability. Um, you get advanced replayability. Um, you get advanced replayability. Um, you get advanced capabilities when it comes to the capabilities when it comes to the capabilities when it comes to the playback systems and how sessions can be playback systems and how sessions can be
[01:57:32] playback systems and how sessions can be portable across clients. And what this portable across clients. And what this portable across clients. And what this really translates to is you get live really translates to is you get live really translates to is you get live updates across clients as well. As you updates across clients as well. As you updates across clients as well. As you see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As see, I typed in one client 3 plus 3. As soon as I hit enter, it can go to the soon as I hit enter, it can go to the soon as I hit enter, it can go to the other client too. You can see the other client too. You can see the other client too. You can see the response on both. Um, our core objective response on both. Um, our core objective response on both. Um, our core objective and goal is to make sure as you bridge and goal is to make sure as you bridge and goal is to make sure as you bridge new clients into the experience and take new clients into the experience and take new clients into the experience and take them out. Each one can participate in it them out. Each one can participate in it them out. Each one can participate in it to be the active driver. That way you to be the active driver. That way you to be the active driver. That way you can transition from your laptop to your can transition from your laptop to your can transition from your laptop to your phone, from your phone back to your phone, from your phone back to your phone, from your phone back to your laptop, from your work machine to your laptop, from your work machine to your laptop, from your work machine to your personal machine depending on the
[01:58:02] personal machine depending on the personal machine depending on the context in which you're operating in. context in which you're operating in. context in which you're operating in. But it all is made available using this But it all is made available using this But it all is made available using this new AP protocol again that we're new AP protocol again that we're new AP protocol again that we're embedding in our surfaces and we're also embedding in our surfaces and we're also embedding in our surfaces and we're also uh sharing publicly and diving deep uh sharing publicly and diving deep uh sharing publicly and diving deep looking for more ways to improve the looking for more ways to improve the looking for more ways to improve the offering and also add more runtime offering and also add more runtime offering and also add more runtime support as well. When you think about support as well. When you think about support as well. When you think about how this translates ultimately to the how this translates ultimately to the how this translates ultimately to the github.com experiences, one of the most github.com experiences, one of the most github.com experiences, one of the most exciting things personally uh to me is exciting things personally uh to me is exciting things personally uh to me is its integration into mission control. Um its integration into mission control. Um its integration into mission control. Um our copilot dervice which again we're our copilot dervice which again we're our copilot dervice which again we're looking to bring functionality directly looking to bring functionality directly
[01:58:32] looking to bring functionality directly into our runtime as well. Uh enables you into our runtime as well. Uh enables you into our runtime as well. Uh enables you to actually engage with these remote to actually engage with these remote to actually engage with these remote execution environments directly from execution environments directly from execution environments directly from mission control. And so while we look at mission control. And so while we look at mission control. And so while we look at IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit IDE CLI mobile, let's talk a little bit about the web. Um, for context, mission about the web. Um, for context, mission about the web. Um, for context, mission control is under control is under control is under github.com/copilot/agents. Uh, if you look at this main home Uh, if you look at this main home screen, uh, there are a few options that screen, uh, there are a few options that screen, uh, there are a few options that should be familiar to most uh, users should be familiar to most uh, users should be familiar to most uh, users that have uh, executed tasks on this that have uh, executed tasks on this that have uh, executed tasks on this screen. But ultimately the most exciting screen. But ultimately the most exciting
[01:59:03] screen. But ultimately the most exciting thing to me with AP is the fact that you thing to me with AP is the fact that you thing to me with AP is the fact that you can now bring environments into the can now bring environments into the can now bring environments into the custom dropdown for actions and execute custom dropdown for actions and execute custom dropdown for actions and execute new sessions on your own local machines, new sessions on your own local machines, new sessions on your own local machines, cloud machines, wherever they might be. cloud machines, wherever they might be. cloud machines, wherever they might be. As long as they run the right AP hosts, As long as they run the right AP hosts, As long as they run the right AP hosts, they connect back to mission control. It they connect back to mission control. It they connect back to mission control. It is now a new environment that you can is now a new environment that you can is now a new environment that you can execute on. So you're not constrained by execute on. So you're not constrained by execute on. So you're not constrained by running things in actions or running things in actions or running things in actions or running things in remote cloud environments. uh things in remote cloud environments. uh things in remote cloud environments. uh you can actually run these on your home you can actually run these on your home you can actually run these on your home machines as well to continue to bridge machines as well to continue to bridge machines as well to continue to bridge uh your agent network and define where uh your agent network and define where
[01:59:33] uh your agent network and define where you want to run agents most or where it you want to run agents most or where it you want to run agents most or where it benefits you based on your current benefits you based on your current benefits you based on your current scenario. So again, if we just simply scenario. So again, if we just simply scenario. So again, if we just simply hit a query here, uh it should actually hit a query here, uh it should actually hit a query here, uh it should actually route that down to my environment. route that down to my environment. route that down to my environment. You'll see a response. And again, this You'll see a response. And again, this You'll see a response. And again, this is all running off of github.com. It's is all running off of github.com. It's is all running off of github.com. It's running in my private network. And as we running in my private network. And as we running in my private network. And as we break free of all of our tail scale break free of all of our tail scale break free of all of our tail scale setups uh and remove that requirement, setups uh and remove that requirement, setups uh and remove that requirement, ultimately we'll find more flexibility ultimately we'll find more flexibility ultimately we'll find more flexibility and freedom to access your agents and freedom to access your agents and freedom to access your agents anywhere and again move them where you anywhere and again move them where you anywhere and again move them where you want to go as well. For more additional want to go as well. For more additional
[02:00:03] want to go as well. For more additional information, I I'll flash a few links on information, I I'll flash a few links on information, I I'll flash a few links on the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public the screen. Uh the AP uh repo is public uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost uh underneath Microsoft/Aenthost protocol. We have a website with the protocol. We have a website with the protocol. We have a website with the protocol specifications available as protocol specifications available as protocol specifications available as well. Uh mission control is on there. well. Uh mission control is on there. well. Uh mission control is on there. And then in addition, if you like to And then in addition, if you like to And then in addition, if you like to play around with the host built into VS play around with the host built into VS play around with the host built into VS Code, uh I left a command code agent Code, uh I left a command code agent Code, uh I left a command code agent host there. You should be able to fire host there. You should be able to fire host there. You should be able to fire it up uh using the latest stable edition it up uh using the latest stable edition it up uh using the latest stable edition of VS Code. So you can start playing of VS Code. So you can start playing of VS Code. So you can start playing with your own host right away. Thank you with your own host right away. Thank you with your own host right away. Thank you all. >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose
[02:00:33] >> Here at Universe, it's very much choose your own adventure based on what matters your own adventure based on what matters your own adventure based on what matters to you. to you. to you. >> There's an emphasis on just a creative >> There's an emphasis on just a creative >> There's an emphasis on just a creative energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the energy and vibe. GitHub Universe is the perfect place to come to as a developer perfect place to come to as a developer perfect place to come to as a developer looking to advance in your career. It's looking to advance in your career. It's looking to advance in your career. It's all about getting to access the all about getting to access the all about getting to access the knowledge that is needed on your teams. knowledge that is needed on your teams. knowledge that is needed on your teams. There's so much more representation of There's so much more representation of There's so much more representation of things like open-source and general things like open-source and general things like open-source and general excitement around being in the developer excitement around being in the developer excitement around being in the developer community that I don't necessarily feel community that I don't necessarily feel community that I don't necessarily feel at other events I've been at. From the at other events I've been at. From the at other events I've been at. From the keynote alone, I feel like I have this keynote alone, I feel like I have this
[02:01:03] keynote alone, I feel like I have this step up because I got to see the new step up because I got to see the new step up because I got to see the new initiatives, the new features that initiatives, the new features that initiatives, the new features that GitHub is releasing. GitHub is releasing. GitHub is releasing. >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on >> This is where you get kind of a pulse on what's happening across the broader what's happening across the broader what's happening across the broader industry. Universe is a great industry. Universe is a great industry. Universe is a great opportunity and a great place for people opportunity and a great place for people opportunity and a great place for people to come share those ideas and to come share those ideas and to come share those ideas and to collaborate with each other so that we collaborate with each other so that we collaborate with each other so that we can all grow as an engineering can all grow as an engineering can all grow as an engineering community. >> The relationships that you make at these >> The relationships that you make at these >> The relationships that you make at these events are going to pay dividends for events are going to pay dividends for events are going to pay dividends for the rest of your career. >> They're kicking us, bro. >> They're kicking us, bro. >> Hey, what's >> Hey, what's
[02:01:36] >> Hey, what's Burke? And I got caught a little off Burke? And I got caught a little off Burke? And I got caught a little off guard here. guard here. guard here. >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome >> We just barely made it. Uh, welcome back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so back, folks. Thank you, Patrick. Uh, so y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh y'all, we're gonna spend the next uh what do we have like two hours here and what do we have like two hours here and what do we have like two hours here and we're gonna we're gonna build something. we're gonna we're gonna build something. we're gonna we're gonna build something. But the trouble with this is always But the trouble with this is always But the trouble with this is always >> like what do you build? >> like what do you build? >> like what do you build? >> It's always hard. I remember the first >> It's always hard. I remember the first >> It's always hard. I remember the first time we did this, we were like we need time we did this, we were like we need time we did this, we were like we need to have this, you know, crazy concept. to have this, you know, crazy concept. to have this, you know, crazy concept. It's going to take us all this time. We It's going to take us all this time. We It's going to take us all this time. We were done in like five minutes. were done in like five minutes. were done in like five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. >> Yeah, we finished it in five minutes. So, and then the other thing is that So, and then the other thing is that So, and then the other thing is that no one's impressed anymore because you no one's impressed anymore because you no one's impressed anymore because you can just build anything. And so we I was can just build anything. And so we I was
[02:02:07] can just build anything. And so we I was we were thinking through this. We were we were thinking through this. We were we were thinking through this. We were like, well, like, well, like, well, >> like we need someone to build a killer >> like we need someone to build a killer >> like we need someone to build a killer demo that would that we could pick up demo that would that we could pick up demo that would that we could pick up and then build because we don't have any and then build because we don't have any and then build because we don't have any good ideas of our own. good ideas of our own. good ideas of our own. >> No, we don't. >> No, we don't. >> No, we don't. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> But we know someone with good ideas. >> We do. >> We do. >> We do. >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to >> We do. Uh and so we're pleased to uh to bring Wes Boss, bring Wes Boss, bring Wes Boss, who I widely consider to be the king of who I widely consider to be the king of who I widely consider to be the king of demos. >> King of demos for sure. >> King of demos for sure. >> King of demos for sure. >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off >> Yeah. who's going to get us kicked off here. >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I
[02:02:39] >> Uh excited to get going. I've been I have so many ideas of things that I want have so many ideas of things that I want have so many ideas of things that I want to build and uh with all the latest to build and uh with all the latest to build and uh with all the latest models releasing. There's so many cool models releasing. There's so many cool models releasing. There's so many cool things that I can go. So, we're things that I can go. So, we're things that I can go. So, we're going to rip for what about 20 minutes going to rip for what about 20 minutes going to rip for what about 20 minutes and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass and then uh and then we're uh I'll pass it off to you guys to sort of pick it up it off to you guys to sort of pick it up it off to you guys to sort of pick it up and keep going. and keep going. and keep going. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> Yep. Sounds great. >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up >> All right. Thanks, guys. What's up everybody? My name is Wes. I everybody? My name is Wes. I everybody? My name is Wes. I am going to be doing some vibe coding am going to be doing some vibe coding am going to be doing some vibe coding for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20 for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20
[02:03:09] for about 20 minutes here. Um, and 20 minutes not long enough for me because minutes not long enough for me because minutes not long enough for me because like I wanted to do something that was like I wanted to do something that was like I wanted to do something that was really cool. So yesterday obviously the really cool. So yesterday obviously the really cool. So yesterday obviously the iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I iPhone Duo was released. Um, and what I did is I collected all of the did is I collected all of the did is I collected all of the information about the iPhone Duo, right? information about the iPhone Duo, right? information about the iPhone Duo, right? like the width and the height and all like the width and the height and all like the width and the height and all the specs and um how thick it was. And the specs and um how thick it was. And the specs and um how thick it was. And then I took the uh Apple then I took the uh Apple then I took the uh Apple uh where they announced it and they had uh where they announced it and they had uh where they announced it and they had a couple photos of the internals and I a couple photos of the internals and I
[02:03:39] a couple photos of the internals and I took all of that and I plugged it into took all of that and I plugged it into took all of that and I plugged it into my co-pilot and I said like do not stop my co-pilot and I said like do not stop my co-pilot and I said like do not stop until you have a close enough or not until you have a close enough or not until you have a close enough or not perfect but very good 3D model of the perfect but very good 3D model of the perfect but very good 3D model of the iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it iPhone Fold. And let me tell you, it this thing ripped for like 3 hours this thing ripped for like 3 hours this thing ripped for like 3 hours and it went through like absolutely and it went through like absolutely and it went through like absolutely every single piece. And I don't know if every single piece. And I don't know if every single piece. And I don't know if this is actually what it looks like this is actually what it looks like this is actually what it looks like inside, but I it's pretty convincing to inside, but I it's pretty convincing to inside, but I it's pretty convincing to me. And it works really well. Um we me. And it works really well. Um we
[02:04:10] me. And it works really well. Um we can explode it. You can obviously fold can explode it. You can obviously fold can explode it. You can obviously fold it open and closed. Uh lots of features it open and closed. Uh lots of features it open and closed. Uh lots of features to that. So that was like my base of to that. So that was like my base of to that. So that was like my base of like what I wanted to build, right? Can like what I wanted to build, right? Can like what I wanted to build, right? Can I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo I get a uh 3D model of the iPhone Duo running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought running in 3JS? Um, and then I thought like I want to do a couple like I want to do a couple like I want to do a couple things. First of all, I love noling things. First of all, I love noling things. First of all, I love noling where is like where you put all the where is like where you put all the where is like where you put all the parts in like on like a grid, right? And parts in like on like a grid, right? And parts in like on like a grid, right? And these new models are just fantastic at these new models are just fantastic at these new models are just fantastic at creating these 3D immersive exploded creating these 3D immersive exploded
[02:04:41] creating these 3D immersive exploded experiences. Um, and then I want to experiences. Um, and then I want to experiences. Um, and then I want to say like there's this new API um called say like there's this new API um called say like there's this new API um called HTML and canvas is like can we then HTML and canvas is like can we then HTML and canvas is like can we then render JavaScript render JavaScript render JavaScript on the screen of the iPhone fold? I on the screen of the iPhone fold? I on the screen of the iPhone fold? I don't know but I'm willing to try. So don't know but I'm willing to try. So don't know but I'm willing to try. So let's get into it. So uh first prompt let's get into it. So uh first prompt let's get into it. So uh first prompt will be will be will be uh I want to add a feature to the null uh I want to add a feature to the null uh I want to add a feature to the null to the exploded view and I want to have to the exploded view and I want to have to the exploded view and I want to have a nulling setting. This is we'll take a nulling setting. This is we'll take a nulling setting. This is we'll take every single piece of the model and lay every single piece of the model and lay
[02:05:12] every single piece of the model and lay it out in a grid and perfectly align it out in a grid and perfectly align it out in a grid and perfectly align absolutely everything. absolutely everything. absolutely everything. And I'm going to go ahead and let that And I'm going to go ahead and let that And I'm going to go ahead and let that rip on there. While that's going, let's rip on there. While that's going, let's rip on there. While that's going, let's take a look at um kind of all the take a look at um kind of all the take a look at um kind of all the different pieces that we have here. All different pieces that we have here. All different pieces that we have here. All the different color display lithium ion. the different color display lithium ion. the different color display lithium ion. like that's very impressive that you that's very impressive that you that's very impressive that you can we can build this type of thing can we can build this type of thing can we can build this type of thing entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at entirely in 3JS. If we take a look at the code, um it's just JavaScript on the code, um it's just JavaScript on
[02:05:43] the code, um it's just JavaScript on here, right? There's there's no like uh here, right? There's there's no like uh here, right? There's there's no like uh STLs or fusion models or anything STLs or fusion models or anything STLs or fusion models or anything like that. It's all just kind of being like that. It's all just kind of being like that. It's all just kind of being uh piped in which is really cool. Um the uh piped in which is really cool. Um the uh piped in which is really cool. Um the other thing you'll notice that I'm not other thing you'll notice that I'm not other thing you'll notice that I'm not using the built-in browser uh to GitHub using the built-in browser uh to GitHub using the built-in browser uh to GitHub Copilot right now. Um, and that's Copilot right now. Um, and that's Copilot right now. Um, and that's because I want to use a an experimental because I want to use a an experimental because I want to use a an experimental feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And feature which is uh HTML and canvas. And HTML and canvas, what that allows you to HTML and canvas, what that allows you to HTML and canvas, what that allows you to do is you can take regular DOM elements do is you can take regular DOM elements
[02:06:14] do is you can take regular DOM elements and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas and render them into a 2D or 3D canvas experience. So I think when we start experience. So I think when we start experience. So I think when we start working on some of the apps, what we working on some of the apps, what we working on some of the apps, what we want to do is have those rendered out to want to do is have those rendered out to want to do is have those rendered out to the DOM and then paint them into the DOM and then paint them into the DOM and then paint them into the actual device that we have here. actual device that we have here. actual device that we have here. So what do we got here? I'm adding a So what do we got here? I'm adding a So what do we got here? I'm adding a nulling toggle that lays out all model nulling toggle that lays out all model nulling toggle that lays out all model components and is non-over overlapping. components and is non-over overlapping. components and is non-over overlapping. Okay, let that sucker run. I'm also watching
[02:06:48] let that sucker run. I'm also watching the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas the chat here. So, if anybody has ideas of things that we should add to this, of things that we should add to this, of things that we should add to this, definitely add them into the YouTube definitely add them into the YouTube definitely add them into the YouTube chat because I'll be popping those in chat because I'll be popping those in chat because I'll be popping those in there as well. Um, you know what I'm there as well. Um, you know what I'm there as well. Um, you know what I'm going to do while this is running? Let's going to do while this is running? Let's going to do while this is running? Let's just open up a second chat here just open up a second chat here just open up a second chat here and let's go ahead and let's start and let's go ahead and let's start and let's go ahead and let's start working on the software. Right. Um, working on the software. Right. Um, working on the software. Right. Um, I have the HTML and canvas skill that I have the HTML and canvas skill that I have the HTML and canvas skill that I wrote. So what I did is I took the wrote. So what I did is I took the
[02:07:20] wrote. So what I did is I took the documentation, the specification for the documentation, the specification for the documentation, the specification for the HTML and canvas spec and I had that HTML and canvas spec and I had that HTML and canvas spec and I had that converted into a skill and then I also converted into a skill and then I also converted into a skill and then I also have built like six or seven demos over have built like six or seven demos over have built like six or seven demos over the last couple months and I've taken the last couple months and I've taken the last couple months and I've taken those demos and distilled them down into those demos and distilled them down into those demos and distilled them down into the skill. So, I've got the skill there. the skill. So, I've got the skill there. the skill. So, I've got the skill there. I'm going to say, um, I'm going to say, um, I'm going to say, um, I want to be able to run actual apps and I want to be able to run actual apps and I want to be able to run actual apps and software on the iPhone fold. So, let's software on the iPhone fold. So, let's software on the iPhone fold. So, let's build some sort of structure where we build some sort of structure where we
[02:07:50] build some sort of structure where we can have a home screen with app icons can have a home screen with app icons can have a home screen with app icons and then I can open individual apps. Uh, and then I can open individual apps. Uh, and then I can open individual apps. Uh, let's start with a simple app which is let's start with a simple app which is let's start with a simple app which is the calculator. All right, let's this sucker rip. All right, let's this sucker rip. See how our explode view is going over See how our explode view is going over See how our explode view is going over here. Sorry, just reading the chat here.
[02:08:22] Sorry, just reading the chat here. Noling grid. All right. Oh, Noling grid. All right. Oh, Noling grid. All right. Oh, baby. We've got the nulling grid there. baby. We've got the nulling grid there. baby. We've got the nulling grid there. Um, what I want to do is I want this more to what I want to do is I want this more to what I want to do is I want this more to be like this is just like a perfect be like this is just like a perfect be like this is just like a perfect grid. I want them to sort of box fit grid. I want them to sort of box fit grid. I want them to sort of box fit into each other. The nulling grid is into each other. The nulling grid is into each other. The nulling grid is great, but I want them to be organized great, but I want them to be organized great, but I want them to be organized in a way that they sort of fit into each in a way that they sort of fit into each in a way that they sort of fit into each other. Right now, we're just on a other. Right now, we're just on a other. Right now, we're just on a perfect grid, which is determined by the perfect grid, which is determined by the perfect grid, which is determined by the largest piece, and then the small pieces largest piece, and then the small pieces
[02:08:53] largest piece, and then the small pieces are sort of just hanging out in a are sort of just hanging out in a are sort of just hanging out in a large spot. They should use some sort of large spot. They should use some sort of large spot. They should use some sort of box fitting algorithm to nicely organize box fitting algorithm to nicely organize box fitting algorithm to nicely organize them. You know what I'm also going to do is I You know what I'm also going to do is I You know what I'm also going to do is I have the agent browser skill globally have the agent browser skill globally have the agent browser skill globally installed on my system and I don't I installed on my system and I don't I installed on my system and I don't I don't I shouldn't have done that because don't I shouldn't have done that because don't I shouldn't have done that because it always just like let me verify it always just like let me verify it always just like let me verify that, you know. Um that, you know. Um that, you know. Um don't worry oh don't worry about using don't worry oh don't worry about using don't worry oh don't worry about using the agent browser skill to verify the agent browser skill to verify
[02:09:24] the agent browser skill to verify things. Just run it. I'll test if it things. Just run it. I'll test if it things. Just run it. I'll test if it works. Right. We're gonna we're going to works. Right. We're gonna we're going to works. Right. We're gonna we're going to do that for um we're going to steer do that for um we're going to steer do that for um we're going to steer that. Got our message queued up. Let's send it Got our message queued up. Let's send it now. Do some steering. Let's see how now. Do some steering. Let's see how now. Do some steering. Let's see how we're doing on the HTML and canvas. Don't consider to fall back to things
[02:09:54] Don't consider to fall back to things that are not HTML canvas is such a that are not HTML canvas is such a that are not HTML canvas is such a cool API to do this type of thing. Let's cool API to do this type of thing. Let's cool API to do this type of thing. Let's go back to our explode. By the way, um go back to our explode. By the way, um go back to our explode. By the way, um if you want to grab the code for this, if you want to grab the code for this, if you want to grab the code for this, you go to github.combossexlode or exploding and uh you can grab the or exploding and uh you can grab the latest code. I'll push this up at the latest code. I'll push this up at the latest code. I'll push this up at the end of this live stream. end of this live stream. end of this live stream. Let's see what the chat's saying here. Let's see what the chat's saying here. Let's see what the chat's saying here. Find the cure for cancer. West boss. Find the cure for cancer. West boss.
[02:10:24] Find the cure for cancer. West boss. West boss is the goat. Prototype the West boss is the goat. Prototype the West boss is the goat. Prototype the iPhone. Trifold. Oh, trifold. iPhone. Trifold. Oh, trifold. iPhone. Trifold. Oh, trifold. Should we do that? Should we add more Should we do that? Should we add more Should we do that? Should we add more folds? How many folds can we possibly folds? How many folds can we possibly folds? How many folds can we possibly add to this type of thing? add to this type of thing? add to this type of thing? All right. Nolan grid is ripping. You'll All right. Nolan grid is ripping. You'll All right. Nolan grid is ripping. You'll see why. see why. see why. This is why I'm really excited for the This is why I'm really excited for the This is why I'm really excited for the like um Hydro Fusion stuff you guys were like um Hydro Fusion stuff you guys were like um Hydro Fusion stuff you guys were showing earlier because I want to use showing earlier because I want to use showing earlier because I want to use the latest models for a lot of this the latest models for a lot of this
[02:10:56] the latest models for a lot of this exciting stuff because it's really good exciting stuff because it's really good exciting stuff because it's really good at doing 3D, but I also want to use at doing 3D, but I also want to use at doing 3D, but I also want to use some of the faster models for simple some of the faster models for simple some of the faster models for simple things like um writing some things like um writing some things like um writing some JavaScript that a calculator app, right? JavaScript that a calculator app, right? JavaScript that a calculator app, right? We don't need to be spending $40 to do We don't need to be spending $40 to do We don't need to be spending $40 to do that type of thing. All right. Replace uniform grid. Let's All right. Replace uniform grid. Let's take a look at Oh, baby. This looks take a look at Oh, baby. This looks take a look at Oh, baby. This looks good. Let's take a Let's zoom in on it. good. Let's take a Let's zoom in on it. good. Let's take a Let's zoom in on it. Look at how impressive this actually is Look at how impressive this actually is
[02:11:28] Look at how impressive this actually is with these hinge things. You know what with these hinge things. You know what with these hinge things. You know what is a weird thing. is a weird thing. is a weird thing. Having trouble zooming in and out of it. Having trouble zooming in and out of it. Having trouble zooming in and out of it. Maybe that's a feature we should Maybe that's a feature we should Maybe that's a feature we should be adding. be adding. be adding. Um, yeah, let's do that. Um, yeah, let's do that. Um, yeah, let's do that. I'm having trouble panning around. I can I'm having trouble panning around. I can I'm having trouble panning around. I can zoom in and out and pan around it in 3D zoom in and out and pan around it in 3D zoom in and out and pan around it in 3D space. But if I want to use my middle space. But if I want to use my middle space. But if I want to use my middle click button or hold space and drag up click button or hold space and drag up click button or hold space and drag up and down so I can pan in on different and down so I can pan in on different and down so I can pan in on different parts, I'm having issues with that. Fix parts, I'm having issues with that. Fix
[02:11:59] parts, I'm having issues with that. Fix it. How many possible folds can we add to How many possible folds can we add to it? Astra is going edits the software. Come Astra is going edits the software. Come on, give me some still going on there. Let's take a
[02:12:52] still going on there. Let's take a look at our zoom thing. look at our zoom thing. look at our zoom thing. Let's There we go. It's looking a little bit There we go. It's looking a little bit better. On the orbit control On the orbit control run doom on it. That's actually a run doom on it. That's actually a run doom on it. That's actually a fantastic idea. I really like that. fantastic idea. I really like that. fantastic idea. I really like that. All these different apps on it. All right, fix panning at both viewers.
[02:13:46] All right, fix panning at both viewers. All right, let's go to the exploding All right, let's go to the exploding All right, let's go to the exploding view. Beautiful. view. Beautiful. view. Beautiful. There we go. Now I can I can use my There we go. Now I can I can use my There we go. Now I can I can use my middle click button. I'm zooming around middle click button. I'm zooming around middle click button. I'm zooming around into it. into it. into it. Zoom in. Let's get really close in on Zoom in. Let's get really close in on Zoom in. Let's get really close in on these on the motherboard shots here. dual cell power system. That is so sick. dual cell power system. That is so sick. I'm curious if this is actually I'm curious if this is actually I'm curious if this is actually what it looks like inside. I don't think what it looks like inside. I don't think what it looks like inside. I don't think that they'd be putting capacitors on top that they'd be putting capacitors on top
[02:14:18] that they'd be putting capacitors on top of on top of screws. Um the closer you of on top of screws. Um the closer you of on top of screws. Um the closer you get, it's not as impressive. But if get, it's not as impressive. But if get, it's not as impressive. But if you zoom out a little bit or look at you zoom out a little bit or look at you zoom out a little bit or look at some of these pieces, right? And then some of these pieces, right? And then some of these pieces, right? And then let's go and get the let's go and get the let's go and get the let's try the hinge. let's try the hinge. let's try the hinge. Beautiful nulling grid. Let's go a little bit nulling grid. Let's go a little bit closer. All right, let's check in on the canvas
[02:14:52] All right, let's check in on the canvas based apps that we're working on here. based apps that we're working on here. based apps that we're working on here. Exercise calculator. Exercise calculator. Exercise calculator. It's taking a little longer than I had It's taking a little longer than I had It's taking a little longer than I had thought. Maybe I should have used a thought. Maybe I should have used a thought. Maybe I should have used a less powerful model. Um I prefer speed less powerful model. Um I prefer speed less powerful model. Um I prefer speed in this case. I definitely should have in this case. I definitely should have in this case. I definitely should have bumped it down to a different model. Uh let's go back to the exploding view Uh let's go back to the exploding view here. Just start more agents while you here. Just start more agents while you here. Just start more agents while you wait. Does here. Does anybody have that wait. Does here. Does anybody have that
[02:15:22] wait. Does here. Does anybody have that problem where like yeah, you got six or problem where like yeah, you got six or problem where like yeah, you got six or seven agents running at once and you're seven agents running at once and you're seven agents running at once and you're running in between them uh trying you're running in between them uh trying you're running in between them uh trying to focus on them. That's a little bit to focus on them. That's a little bit to focus on them. That's a little bit tricky. I think I think I max out tricky. I think I think I max out tricky. I think I think I max out about maybe three or four. about maybe three or four. about maybe three or four. Simulate the gyro sensor when you rotate Simulate the gyro sensor when you rotate Simulate the gyro sensor when you rotate it. So the screen image will rotate it. So the screen image will rotate it. So the screen image will rotate according to the orbit. That's actually according to the orbit. That's actually according to the orbit. That's actually not a bad idea, simulating a gy gyro not a bad idea, simulating a gy gyro not a bad idea, simulating a gy gyro sensor. Or what would be cool is if we could Or what would be cool is if we could
[02:15:52] Or what would be cool is if we could view it on our phone or use our phone as view it on our phone or use our phone as view it on our phone or use our phone as the actual gyro. So, take the data from the actual gyro. So, take the data from the actual gyro. So, take the data from the phone, pipe it into here, and then the phone, pipe it into here, and then the phone, pipe it into here, and then you could use this as a sort of like a you could use this as a sort of like a you could use this as a sort of like a remote control. I promised Burke I remote control. I promised Burke I remote control. I promised Burke I wouldn't do any crazy hardware stuff, so wouldn't do any crazy hardware stuff, so wouldn't do any crazy hardware stuff, so I'm not going to do that to him. Um, but I'm not going to do that to him. Um, but I'm not going to do that to him. Um, but we'll uh maybe he can he can start we'll uh maybe he can he can start we'll uh maybe he can he can start adding that specific one. This is really adding that specific one. This is really adding that specific one. This is really cool. All right. Um, you know what I cool. All right. Um, you know what I cool. All right. Um, you know what I want is let's start customizing the want is let's start customizing the want is let's start customizing the color of it, right? um add a color of it, right? um add a color
[02:16:22] color of it, right? um add a color picker for being able to customize picker for being able to customize picker for being able to customize the color of the iPhone and also add the color of the iPhone and also add the color of the iPhone and also add the ability to change the background to ability to change the background to ability to change the background to several different wallpapers. Oh, baby, this is looking good. Um Oh, baby, this is looking good. Um I think I think I think I am running this on I am running this on
[02:16:54] I am running this on different thing. What is the URL for different thing. What is the URL for different thing. What is the URL for this work tree? This is a separate session. Okay. Where This is a separate session. Okay. Where is how do I how do I see the apps? Oh, apps how do I how do I see the apps? Oh, apps
[02:17:26] how do I how do I see the apps? Oh, apps preview. Okay. preview. Okay. preview. Okay. Here we go. Open up the calculator. Here we go. Open up the calculator. Here we go. Open up the calculator. Okay. So, this is the app, right? It Okay. So, this is the app, right? It Okay. So, this is the app, right? It seems to be working here. But how do I seems to be working here. But how do I seems to be working here. But how do I see where it is? How do I see it on the where it is? How do I see it on the where it is? How do I see it on the actual device itself? Right. Apps preview. Apps preview to run these Apps preview. Apps preview to run these on use chrome canary draw canvas on use chrome canary draw canvas on use chrome canary draw canvas element. I am I'm on edge but I have element. I am I'm on edge but I have
[02:17:56] element. I am I'm on edge but I have that turned on. Okay, good. Uh let's ask that turned on. Okay, good. Uh let's ask that turned on. Okay, good. Uh let's ask you here. How do I preview the you here. How do I preview the you here. How do I preview the applications on the phone? I don't see applications on the phone? I don't see applications on the phone? I don't see the UI to turn that on. the wallpaper changes based on the wallpaper changes based on the screen or the background? Ooh, screen or the background? Ooh, screen or the background? Ooh, background behind. No, iPhone screen background behind. No, iPhone screen background behind. No, iPhone screen wallpaper. That's what I need. Thank wallpaper. That's what I need. Thank wallpaper. That's what I need. Thank you. I do have HTML canvas turned on. Do I
[02:18:33] I do have HTML canvas turned on. Do I not? Let me open up my another browser not? Let me open up my another browser not? Let me open up my another browser that has it turned on. Canvas draw. Oh, maybe they took it out. Canvas draw. Oh, maybe they took it out. No, I tested this right before we came No, I tested this right before we came
[02:19:03] No, I tested this right before we came on here. Let's open up another browser. all right. We'll just tell it. I do have
[02:19:46] all right. We'll just tell it. I do have those things turned on, but I'm not those things turned on, but I'm not those things turned on, but I'm not seeing it. Perhaps you could open up an seeing it. Perhaps you could open up an seeing it. Perhaps you could open up an agent browser that is headed so I can agent browser that is headed so I can agent browser that is headed so I can see it see it see it because it was showing us screenshots of because it was showing us screenshots of because it was showing us screenshots of it working. Right. If we look at go back it working. Right. If we look at go back it working. Right. If we look at go back and look at our thinking, and look at our thinking, and look at our thinking, we got that working on There we go. Um,
[02:20:23] There we go. Um, just make sure I've got this just make sure I've got this just make sure I've got this on screen. There we go. Okay, got our on screen. There we go. Okay, got our on screen. There we go. Okay, got our calculator. Uh oh. Beach balling. There we go. Okay. Uh oh. Beach balling. There we go. Okay. Oh, baby. Okay. Now, the question is Oh, baby. Okay. Now, the question is Oh, baby. Okay. Now, the question is can I spin the device around and still can I spin the device around and still can I spin the device around and still add 171 + 1? add 171 + 1? add 171 + 1? It works. Amazing. Hold on. It works. Amazing. Hold on.
[02:20:57] It works. Amazing. Hold on. It doesn't show the app on the front. So It doesn't show the app on the front. So It doesn't show the app on the front. So maybe that's something that you guys can maybe that's something that you guys can maybe that's something that you guys can fix. But now we have the fix. But now we have the fix. But now we have the base for having apps working on this base for having apps working on this base for having apps working on this thing, right? And you can spin it around thing, right? And you can spin it around thing, right? And you can spin it around and do it in 3D. and do it in 3D. and do it in 3D. Oh, that is really cool. I'm also Oh, that is really cool. I'm also Oh, that is really cool. I'm also sharing my screen right now and it is sharing my screen right now and it is sharing my screen right now and it is feeling a little laggy, but when I was feeling a little laggy, but when I was feeling a little laggy, but when I was not sharing my screen, it was not it was not sharing my screen, it was not it was not sharing my screen, it was not it was uh quite a bit buttery. 8 * 9. uh quite a bit buttery. 8 * 9.
[02:21:31] uh quite a bit buttery. 8 * 9. All right, All right, All right, that is cool. Can we explode it? We can still explode the app. So, the We can still explode the app. So, the screen is still running screen is still running screen is still running the application, but we can we can go the application, but we can we can go the application, but we can we can go through the full 3D exploded view for through the full 3D exploded view for through the full 3D exploded view for this. That is absolutely awesome. All this. That is absolutely awesome. All this. That is absolutely awesome. All right, we got one minute left. I'm right, we got one minute left. I'm
[02:22:01] right, we got one minute left. I'm wondering what we should add really wondering what we should add really wondering what we should add really quickly. What would be really cool quickly. What would be really cool quickly. What would be really cool is webcam. I don't know if we're going is webcam. I don't know if we're going is webcam. I don't know if we're going to get that done in time. Um, let's to get that done in time. Um, let's to get that done in time. Um, let's start a new, but let's go to a faster start a new, but let's go to a faster start a new, but let's go to a faster model. Um, let's do soul. Okay. model. Um, let's do soul. Okay. model. Um, let's do soul. Okay. Add a new app that is a notes app. All right, we're gonna let that go. We
[02:22:31] All right, we're gonna let that go. We got 30 seconds. Come on. A lot le The chat is saying a lot laggy. A lot le The chat is saying a lot laggy. Yes, this is the problem with uh Yes, this is the problem with uh Yes, this is the problem with uh trying to render 3D while you're trying to render 3D while you're trying to render 3D while you're sharing your screen on a stream. Um, it sharing your screen on a stream. Um, it sharing your screen on a stream. Um, it was significantly buttery before I was significantly buttery before I was significantly buttery before I started sharing my screen. So, it started sharing my screen. So, it started sharing my screen. So, it actually works pretty well. Um, you actually works pretty well. Um, you actually works pretty well. Um, you break it down into all the pieces. It's break it down into all the pieces. It's
[02:23:02] break it down into all the pieces. It's not that much, right? It's it Let's get not that much, right? It's it Let's get not that much, right? It's it Let's get in here. You got one second. Ah. All in here. You got one second. Ah. All in here. You got one second. Ah. All right. We are out of time. What I'm right. We are out of time. What I'm right. We are out of time. What I'm doing is I'm going to be challenging doing is I'm going to be challenging doing is I'm going to be challenging Burke and Pierce. Can you get a couple Burke and Pierce. Can you get a couple Burke and Pierce. Can you get a couple more apps running on this thing? camera more apps running on this thing? camera more apps running on this thing? camera using your actual webcam would be really using your actual webcam would be really using your actual webcam would be really cool. Notes app. cool. Notes app. cool. Notes app. Web browser. I don't know if you could Web browser. I don't know if you could Web browser. I don't know if you could do web browser or not because it's an do web browser or not because it's an do web browser or not because it's an iframe inside of HTML canvas. Probably iframe inside of HTML canvas. Probably iframe inside of HTML canvas. Probably won't work, but make sure you flip this won't work, but make sure you flip this
[02:23:32] won't work, but make sure you flip this flag on um in your browser and pick flag on um in your browser and pick flag on um in your browser and pick it up from here. it up from here. it up from here. >> Dude, that was awesome. Where is this >> Dude, that was awesome. Where is this >> Dude, that was awesome. Where is this repo at? repo at? repo at? Uh, it's at westboss on github slpp Uh, it's at westboss on github slpp Uh, it's at westboss on github slpp or exploding. Hold on, let me push up my or exploding. Hold on, let me push up my or exploding. Hold on, let me push up my commits here and I'll uh give you the commits here and I'll uh give you the commits here and I'll uh give you the latest. >> I found it. >> I found it. >> I found it. >> Yep, we're there. >> Yep, we're there. >> Yep, we're there. >> Yes. All right. >> Yes. All right. >> Yes. All right. >> All right. Thank you so much. We will do >> All right. Thank you so much. We will do
[02:24:03] >> All right. Thank you so much. We will do our best here to So, what? You want a our best here to So, what? You want a our best here to So, what? You want a camera app, you want a notes app, and camera app, you want a notes app, and camera app, you want a notes app, and you wanted you want you want us to build you wanted you want you want us to build you wanted you want you want us to build a web browser from scratch. And any a web browser from scratch. And any a web browser from scratch. And any anything else? Seems pretty simple. anything else? Seems pretty simple. anything else? Seems pretty simple. >> Maybe start with the notes app. >> Maybe start with the notes app. >> Maybe start with the notes app. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Uh get that working. Um make sure that >> Uh get that working. Um make sure that >> Uh get that working. Um make sure that you have the HTML and canvas flag turned you have the HTML and canvas flag turned you have the HTML and canvas flag turned on in your browser so it will actually on in your browser so it will actually on in your browser so it will actually render inside the fold. Okay. render inside the fold. Okay. render inside the fold. Okay. >> Um and then notes app easy, right? And >> Um and then notes app easy, right? And
[02:24:33] >> Um and then notes app easy, right? And then hard is like build then hard is like build then hard is like build like a like the photo the camera like a like the photo the camera like a like the photo the camera app and you can actually take photos app and you can actually take photos app and you can actually take photos with it. with it. with it. >> Can actually take photos. Okay, we're on >> Can actually take photos. Okay, we're on >> Can actually take photos. Okay, we're on it. Wes, thank you so much. We're going it. Wes, thank you so much. We're going it. Wes, thank you so much. We're going to get right on that. Have a great day. to get right on that. Have a great day. to get right on that. Have a great day. All right. Well, shoot. All right. Well, shoot. All right. Well, shoot. >> Um All right. Sorry. >> Um All right. Sorry. >> Um All right. Sorry. >> Can't say I was expecting that was where >> Can't say I was expecting that was where >> Can't say I was expecting that was where we were going to start. we were going to start. we were going to start. >> No, not at all. I was hoping for like a >> No, not at all. I was hoping for like a >> No, not at all. I was hoping for like a personal portfolio website or a personal portfolio website or a personal portfolio website or >> fantastic >> fantastic
[02:25:03] >> fantastic >> something quite easy. >> something quite easy. >> something quite easy. >> Sure. >> Sure. >> Sure. >> Uh okay. So >> Uh okay. So >> Uh okay. So uh where do you want to start? uh where do you want to start? uh where do you want to start? >> Uh well I was I was just trying to you >> Uh well I was I was just trying to you >> Uh well I was I was just trying to you know start with cloning some stuff. Uh know start with cloning some stuff. Uh know start with cloning some stuff. Uh that's always a good place to start. Um that's always a good place to start. Um that's always a good place to start. Um >> I was doing the same thing. >> I was doing the same thing. >> I was doing the same thing. >> So let's go ahead and do that. West >> So let's go ahead and do that. West >> So let's go ahead and do that. West boss. Um and what did he call it? Um and what did he call it? Um and what did he call it? >> It's called exploding. >> It's called exploding. >> It's called exploding. >> Exploding. >> Exploding. >> Exploding. So, I think we can just get this thing So, I think we can just get this thing So, I think we can just get this thing up and running. up and running. up and running. >> Yeah, let's just like and there >> Yeah, let's just like and there >> Yeah, let's just like and there was a browser flag that we needed to was a browser flag that we needed to
[02:25:34] was a browser flag that we needed to also >> it's the canvas. >> it's the canvas. >> it's the canvas. >> Is this is this an edge cuz we're >> Is this is this an edge cuz we're >> Is this is this an edge cuz we're Chromium based or do we have to go to go Chromium based or do we have to go to go Chromium based or do we have to go to go and >> No, we should we should be able to uh >> No, we should we should be able to uh >> No, we should we should be able to uh >> Well, I Googled HTML canvas and see >> Well, I Googled HTML canvas and see >> Well, I Googled HTML canvas and see nothing. So, nothing. So, nothing. So, >> in settings, but it would be >> in settings, but it would be >> in settings, but it would be >> it's in edge >> it's in edge >> it's in edge settings. No, is it settings? No, it settings. No, is it settings? No, it settings. No, is it settings? No, it would be experiments maybe. >> Let's see. >> Let's see. Um, >> this I, you know, it's kind of funny >> this I, you know, it's kind of funny
[02:26:04] >> this I, you know, it's kind of funny like my biggest challenge is getting my like my biggest challenge is getting my like my biggest challenge is getting my machine into the right state to do machine into the right state to do machine into the right state to do what I want to do, installing the right what I want to do, installing the right what I want to do, installing the right tools. Once we get there, I think we're tools. Once we get there, I think we're tools. Once we get there, I think we're flying. Um, flying. Um, flying. Um, >> I just asked Luna, turning >> I just asked Luna, turning >> I just asked Luna, turning how >> um, can you run this? I'm going to try >> um, can you run this? I'm going to try >> um, can you run this? I'm going to try it and the built-in canvas inside the it and the built-in canvas inside the it and the built-in canvas inside the app. uh in the browser canvas and uh app. uh in the browser canvas and uh app. uh in the browser canvas and uh >> edge settings system settings >> edge settings system settings >> edge settings system settings system performance system turn on use graphics performance system turn on use graphics
[02:26:35] performance system turn on use graphics acceleration when available acceleration when available acceleration when available that's already on for me. Restart it. that's already on for me. Restart it. that's already on for me. Restart it. Okay, we should be good. Okay, we should be good. Okay, we should be good. >> So what are your So you just have to >> So what are your So you just have to >> So what are your So you just have to have that toggle enabled and it should have that toggle enabled and it should have that toggle enabled and it should work. >> It should. >> It should. >> It should. >> Okay, >> Okay, >> Okay, >> so I'm going to So it's npm install npm >> so I'm going to So it's npm install npm >> so I'm going to So it's npm install npm rundev. Nothing changes. So, it's so rundev. Nothing changes. So, it's so rundev. Nothing changes. So, it's so interesting that you like immediately interesting that you like immediately interesting that you like immediately jump into the app and you're using the jump into the app and you're using the jump into the app and you're using the terminal, right? Let's jump to Burke's terminal, right? Let's jump to Burke's terminal, right? Let's jump to Burke's screen here. Um, screen here. Um, screen here. Um, >> because my approach is like I don't >> because my approach is like I don't >> because my approach is like I don't even do that anymore. I just like run even do that anymore. I just like run
[02:27:05] even do that anymore. I just like run the can you please run this the can you please run this the can you please run this >> like I have that is kind of where I'm >> like I have that is kind of where I'm >> like I have that is kind of where I'm at with a lot of things. Like I've even at with a lot of things. Like I've even at with a lot of things. Like I've even >> just ask the agent to run >> just ask the agent to run >> just ask the agent to run >> just ask the agent to do it, right? I >> just ask the agent to do it, right? I >> just ask the agent to do it, right? I don't even bother because like don't even bother because like don't even bother because like what sort of Yeah. You don't even what sort of Yeah. You don't even what sort of Yeah. You don't even know what command to run here, right? So know what command to run here, right? So know what command to run here, right? So what's interesting is because so what's interesting is because so what's interesting is because so we're getting the Microsoft proxy we're getting the Microsoft proxy we're getting the Microsoft proxy redirect. >> Ah >> Ah >> Ah >> so now we have to work around this. Um >> so now we have to work around this. Um >> so now we have to work around this. Um >> every developer's worst nightmare it uh >> every developer's worst nightmare it uh >> every developer's worst nightmare it uh >> yeah so we're just like you folks >> yeah so we're just like you folks >> yeah so we're just like you folks we have restrictions essentially the way we have restrictions essentially the way
[02:27:35] we have restrictions essentially the way it works is that there's it works is that there's it works is that there's >> how does it how does it work? They when >> how does it how does it work? They when >> how does it how does it work? They when we try to install packages they redirect we try to install packages they redirect we try to install packages they redirect to an internal thing that just makes to an internal thing that just makes to an internal thing that just makes sure that it's safe. Y sure that it's safe. Y sure that it's safe. Y >> so if it's a newer package it's not >> so if it's a newer package it's not >> so if it's a newer package it's not there I think is what it's like a 7day there I think is what it's like a 7day there I think is what it's like a 7day window. So we have to see if we can window. So we have to see if we can window. So we have to see if we can resolve this and work around it. Man, we resolve this and work around it. Man, we resolve this and work around it. Man, we hit a wall right out of the gate. hit a wall right out of the gate. hit a wall right out of the gate. Thanks Wes. >> Nothing relating to the actual project >> Nothing relating to the actual project itself. >> I don't know what this package is. This >> I don't know what this package is. This >> I don't know what this package is. This 3106.
[02:28:06] 3106. >> Well, he was saying he was using 3JS. So >> Well, he was saying he was using 3JS. So >> Well, he was saying he was using 3JS. So some sort of 3JS related. It should be some sort of 3JS related. It should be some sort of 3JS related. It should be there. >> It should be. Yeah, we'll see if Luna >> It should be. Yeah, we'll see if Luna >> It should be. Yeah, we'll see if Luna can I'm actually I should have probably can I'm actually I should have probably can I'm actually I should have probably should have should have should have >> picked a bigger model for this, but >> picked a bigger model for this, but >> picked a bigger model for this, but >> I'm going to go and I'm going to use >> I'm going to go and I'm going to use >> I'm going to go and I'm going to use Let's just like max out. I'm going to Let's just like max out. I'm going to Let's just like max out. I'm going to use What should I use? use What should I use? use What should I use? >> Let's go to Astra. >> Let's go to Astra. >> Let's go to Astra. >> Astra, right? Um and I'm going to go >> Astra, right? Um and I'm going to go >> Astra, right? Um and I'm going to go ahead and run that. Um so ahead and run that. Um so ahead and run that. Um so just do it. Um and I'm going to go into just do it. Um and I'm going to go into just do it. Um and I'm going to go into autopilot. I was already in approval. autopilot. I was already in approval.
[02:28:38] autopilot. I was already in approval. Just go ahead and get this running. And Just go ahead and get this running. And Just go ahead and get this running. And while this is happening, I also just while this is happening, I also just while this is happening, I also just kind of want to explore what this thing kind of want to explore what this thing kind of want to explore what this thing is. >> It's a vap. >> It's a vap. >> It's a vap. Um, what is in package.json. >> So, yeah, it's three. It's 3JS. Um, >> So, yeah, it's three. It's 3JS. Um, >> I bet it's just >> I bet it's just >> I bet it's just >> TypeScript and V. That's it. >> TypeScript and V. That's it. >> TypeScript and V. That's it. >> I think it's probably just the version >> I think it's probably just the version >> I think it's probably just the version of 3JS. We're just going to have to go of 3JS. We're just going to have to go of 3JS. We're just going to have to go back a version. back a version. back a version. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Um, Astra's on the on the job. Don't you >> Um, Astra's on the on the job. Don't you >> Um, Astra's on the on the job. Don't you worry about it. worry about it. worry about it. Um, so you know, speaking of models, Um, so you know, speaking of models,
[02:29:09] Um, so you know, speaking of models, like what do you what is your model that like what do you what is your model that like what do you what is your model that you tend to cook with these days? I know you tend to cook with these days? I know you tend to cook with these days? I know it changes like every week we have a new it changes like every week we have a new it changes like every week we have a new thing that has been launched into the thing that has been launched into the thing that has been launched into the ether that changes how we work. And so, ether that changes how we work. And so, ether that changes how we work. And so, you know, how are you thinking about all you know, how are you thinking about all you know, how are you thinking about all these models and what you use? these models and what you use? these models and what you use? >> Yeah. Oh man, >> Yeah. Oh man, >> Yeah. Oh man, I mean, I mean, I mean, I've been a big fan of Opus for a very I've been a big fan of Opus for a very I've been a big fan of Opus for a very long time, you know, since four or five. long time, you know, since four or five. long time, you know, since four or five. But when the Soul models came out or the But when the Soul models came out or the But when the Soul models came out or the Yeah. Soul Luna Terra the 56 models uh Yeah. Soul Luna Terra the 56 models uh Yeah. Soul Luna Terra the 56 models uh because Luna is so cheap. I mean it's because Luna is so cheap. I mean it's
[02:29:41] because Luna is so cheap. I mean it's just it's almost free. I do a lot of just it's almost free. I do a lot of just it's almost free. I do a lot of Luna on Macs. Luna on Macs. Luna on Macs. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> And it can actually do a lot. Um >> And it can actually do a lot. Um >> And it can actually do a lot. Um and one of the things that we talk we've and one of the things that we talk we've and one of the things that we talk we've talked about before is that working at talked about before is that working at talked about before is that working at Microsoft we have unlimited Microsoft we have unlimited Microsoft we have unlimited >> tokens. So we don't really live in the >> tokens. So we don't really live in the >> tokens. So we don't really live in the real world. real world. real world. >> Uh and so when you have that then if you >> Uh and so when you have that then if you >> Uh and so when you have that then if you have a model like Fable which is an have a model like Fable which is an have a model like Fable which is an amazing model. amazing model. amazing model. >> Yeah. Right. Then then I would use >> Yeah. Right. Then then I would use >> Yeah. Right. Then then I would use Fable. But then recently we have Astra. Fable. But then recently we have Astra. Fable. But then recently we have Astra. I've been using a lot of Astra and then I've been using a lot of Astra and then I've been using a lot of Astra and then we've got the new Hydra Fusion. I mean we've got the new Hydra Fusion. I mean
[02:30:12] we've got the new Hydra Fusion. I mean Yep. >> I mean I bounce around so much. I don't >> I mean I bounce around so much. I don't >> I mean I bounce around so much. I don't know what would you say your go-to know what would you say your go-to know what would you say your go-to is? >> I mean generally like latest open AI >> I mean generally like latest open AI >> I mean generally like latest open AI latest anthropic variant and then I latest anthropic variant and then I latest anthropic variant and then I always have like a fast model in my back always have like a fast model in my back always have like a fast model in my back pocket for like Wes was doing some pocket for like Wes was doing some pocket for like Wes was doing some back and forth interaction and oh look I back and forth interaction and oh look I back and forth interaction and oh look I got it running. got it running. got it running. >> What' you do? Browser canvas. I just >> What' you do? Browser canvas. I just >> What' you do? Browser canvas. I just said run the thing. I'm telling you, said run the thing. I'm telling you, said run the thing. I'm telling you, man. Get out of the terminal. Just tell man. Get out of the terminal. Just tell man. Get out of the terminal. Just tell you tell the agent what you want. I want you tell the agent what you want. I want you tell the agent what you want. I want this to run in the browser uh inside of this to run in the browser uh inside of this to run in the browser uh inside of the GitHub copilot app. the GitHub copilot app.
[02:30:42] the GitHub copilot app. >> I've got it running, too. I've got it >> I've got it running, too. I've got it >> I've got it running, too. I've got it running, too. running, too. running, too. >> Okay. All right. There we go. Um I don't >> Okay. All right. There we go. Um I don't >> Okay. All right. There we go. Um I don't know like I like using I like a Astra a know like I like using I like a Astra a know like I like using I like a Astra a lot. I that's probably my daily driver. lot. I that's probably my daily driver. lot. I that's probably my daily driver. I have been using more Hydrofusion and I have been using more Hydrofusion and I have been using more Hydrofusion and uh James kind of mentioned it in the uh James kind of mentioned it in the uh James kind of mentioned it in the keynote, but we also we got a lot of keynote, but we also we got a lot of keynote, but we also we got a lot of feedback about auto mode. Right. feedback about auto mode. Right. feedback about auto mode. Right. um mostly that it needs to be better. um mostly that it needs to be better. um mostly that it needs to be better. And so the team did a really like And so the team did a really like And so the team did a really like awesome job taking all that feedback awesome job taking all that feedback awesome job taking all that feedback that you have given us and uh we're that you have given us and uh we're that you have given us and uh we're rolling out a new auto in the coming rolling out a new auto in the coming
[02:31:12] rolling out a new auto in the coming days. Um and so basically I already kind days. Um and so basically I already kind days. Um and so basically I already kind of like teased that in the picker here. of like teased that in the picker here. of like teased that in the picker here. You can click auto and then you can You can click auto and then you can You can click auto and then you can optimize for um you know you can say do optimize for um you know you can say do optimize for um you know you can say do I want to optimize for cost because I'm I want to optimize for cost because I'm I want to optimize for cost because I'm in a token constrained environment. Do I in a token constrained environment. Do I in a token constrained environment. Do I just want the best possible result? Uh just want the best possible result? Uh just want the best possible result? Uh do I kind of want a mix of both? And you do I kind of want a mix of both? And you do I kind of want a mix of both? And you can kind of change the knobs to be can kind of change the knobs to be can kind of change the knobs to be exactly what you want. Yeah, Burke's exactly what you want. Yeah, Burke's exactly what you want. Yeah, Burke's showing it on his screen here. Um, which showing it on his screen here. Um, which showing it on his screen here. Um, which like before it was just kind of, you like before it was just kind of, you like before it was just kind of, you know, efficiency mode essentially. And know, efficiency mode essentially. And know, efficiency mode essentially. And so now we have more toggles so that you so now we have more toggles so that you so now we have more toggles so that you don't have to like big brain what model don't have to like big brain what model
[02:31:42] don't have to like big brain what model do I use for this task, right? do I use for this task, right? do I use for this task, right? >> Our RML team has literally went and >> Our RML team has literally went and >> Our RML team has literally went and built like custom routing models behind built like custom routing models behind built like custom routing models behind the scenes to power this experience to the scenes to power this experience to the scenes to power this experience to hopefully give you the best model for a hopefully give you the best model for a hopefully give you the best model for a task. And then now with things like task. And then now with things like task. And then now with things like hydrofusion like uh Julia showed us hydrofusion like uh Julia showed us hydrofusion like uh Julia showed us earlier like you have to think even less earlier like you have to think even less earlier like you have to think even less right because then hydrofusion is going right because then hydrofusion is going right because then hydrofusion is going to give you like the best result way to give you like the best result way to give you like the best result way less cost right I don't have to think less cost right I don't have to think less cost right I don't have to think about all the models that are happening about all the models that are happening about all the models that are happening every week all the you know what every week all the you know what every week all the you know what does this benchmark say what does what does this benchmark say what does what does this benchmark say what does that benchmark say do I use this for that benchmark say do I use this for that benchmark say do I use this for that is it bad at this is it bad at that is it bad at this is it bad at that
[02:32:12] that is it bad at this is it bad at that right it just hurts your brain man right it just hurts your brain man right it just hurts your brain man >> it does and then you feel like you're >> it does and then you feel like you're >> it does and then you feel like you're ripping yourself off if you use the ripping yourself off if you use the ripping yourself off if you use the wrong model because either you use too wrong model because either you use too wrong model because either you use too much intelligence and you're overpaying much intelligence and you're overpaying much intelligence and you're overpaying or you don't use enough and then you've or you don't use enough and then you've or you don't use enough and then you've wasted a bunch of tokens because you end wasted a bunch of tokens because you end wasted a bunch of tokens because you end up going to the higher intelligence. up going to the higher intelligence. up going to the higher intelligence. >> That's that's correct. And like >> That's that's correct. And like >> That's that's correct. And like actually, you know, I work a lot with actually, you know, I work a lot with actually, you know, I work a lot with our team at Microsoft, which we have our team at Microsoft, which we have our team at Microsoft, which we have 80,000 plus engineers here and the 80,000 plus engineers here and the 80,000 plus engineers here and the interesting thing is you dig through the interesting thing is you dig through the interesting thing is you dig through the data is most engineers will pick a model data is most engineers will pick a model
[02:32:42] data is most engineers will pick a model and they just sit on that model for and they just sit on that model for and they just sit on that model for everything, right? And even if you're everything, right? And even if you're everything, right? And even if you're optimizing for intelligence, that can be optimizing for intelligence, that can be optimizing for intelligence, that can be frustrating, right? Like if you're if frustrating, right? Like if you're if frustrating, right? Like if you're if you're running fable maxing all you're running fable maxing all you're running fable maxing all day, that model's going to take some day, that model's going to take some day, that model's going to take some time. So if you're doing something where time. So if you're doing something where time. So if you're doing something where you want like fast interaction feedback you want like fast interaction feedback you want like fast interaction feedback loop, even if in theory you have loop, even if in theory you have loop, even if in theory you have unlimited tokens, that may not be unlimited tokens, that may not be unlimited tokens, that may not be the right model, right, for that the right model, right, for that the right model, right, for that particular situation. And so given that particular situation. And so given that particular situation. And so given that we saw at Microsoft we have 80,000 we saw at Microsoft we have 80,000 we saw at Microsoft we have 80,000 engineers, they're not they're just engineers, they're not they're just engineers, they're not they're just picking one model and sticking on it. picking one model and sticking on it. picking one model and sticking on it. And that may not they may be good or And that may not they may be good or And that may not they may be good or maybe bad, right? Um like that was what maybe bad, right? Um like that was what
[02:33:13] maybe bad, right? Um like that was what led us to create things like auto and led us to create things like auto and led us to create things like auto and hydrofusion because we were experiencing hydrofusion because we were experiencing hydrofusion because we were experiencing this problem for ourselves. this problem for ourselves. this problem for ourselves. Yeah. And I think I mean again because Yeah. And I think I mean again because Yeah. And I think I mean again because we have unlimited tokens I do tend to we have unlimited tokens I do tend to we have unlimited tokens I do tend to pick like I'll just pick Astra and hang pick like I'll just pick Astra and hang pick like I'll just pick Astra and hang out there, right? It's like stage and out there, right? It's like stage and out there, right? It's like stage and commit. Astraax. commit. Astraax. commit. Astraax. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> So, but most people most folks just >> So, but most people most folks just >> So, but most people most folks just can't do that. I It would be nice if we can't do that. I It would be nice if we can't do that. I It would be nice if we could get to a world though where could get to a world though where could get to a world though where everyone gets that level of intelligence everyone gets that level of intelligence everyone gets that level of intelligence all the time. Super cheap, super fast. all the time. Super cheap, super fast. all the time. Super cheap, super fast. All right. I've added All right. I've added
[02:33:44] All right. I've added a not Didn't he say add a notes app? It a not Didn't he say add a notes app? It a not Didn't he say add a notes app? It said it already has a notes app. The said it already has a notes app. The said it already has a notes app. The simulator already includes a notes app. simulator already includes a notes app. simulator already includes a notes app. All right. Well, how do you open it up All right. Well, how do you open it up All right. Well, how do you open it up then phone? then phone? then phone? >> Full screen this puppy. You can full >> Full screen this puppy. You can full >> Full screen this puppy. You can full screen the canvas. Nope, not that screen the canvas. Nope, not that screen the canvas. Nope, not that button. The one next to it. button. The one next to it. button. The one next to it. >> This one right here. Okay. So, it says >> This one right here. Okay. So, it says >> This one right here. Okay. So, it says go to apps notes. Oh, because he added it. That was notes. Oh, because he added it. That was the last thing he did and then it must the last thing he did and then it must the last thing he did and then it must have got pushed. Okay, so there already have got pushed. Okay, so there already have got pushed. Okay, so there already is one. is one. is one. >> So, we have we have a notes app. It's, >> So, we have we have a notes app. It's, >> So, we have we have a notes app. It's, by the way, it is crazy that he's just by the way, it is crazy that he's just
[02:34:15] by the way, it is crazy that he's just like, I'm gonna add, you know, apps to like, I'm gonna add, you know, apps to like, I'm gonna add, you know, apps to this thing, and it not only is this thing, and it not only is this thing, and it not only is functional, but also looks exactly like functional, but also looks exactly like functional, but also looks exactly like the notes app. the notes app. the notes app. >> It does. >> It does. >> It does. >> He just did that in 20 minutes. That's >> He just did that in 20 minutes. That's >> He just did that in 20 minutes. That's insane. >> I need to I wish I could decrease my >> I need to I wish I could decrease my >> I need to I wish I could decrease my There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. >> Sorry, I bumped up your font like >> Sorry, I bumped up your font like >> Sorry, I bumped up your font like ridiculously when you were not ridiculously when you were not ridiculously when you were not >> when I was gone. Okay, so we have a >> when I was gone. Okay, so we have a >> when I was gone. Okay, so we have a notes app. Um, and so Okay, so we've notes app. Um, and so Okay, so we've notes app. Um, and so Okay, so we've already done Well, he did that. already done Well, he did that. already done Well, he did that. >> He did that. >> He did that. >> He did that. >> So, now we need to add a camera. He said >> So, now we need to add a camera. He said >> So, now we need to add a camera. He said add a camera app. add a camera app. add a camera app. So, let's So, let's So, let's go back here. So, let's do this. let's go back here. So, let's do this.
[02:34:47] let's go back here. So, let's do this. >> What do you think I should do? If you're >> What do you think I should do? If you're >> What do you think I should do? If you're going to add camera, you know, going to add camera, you know, going to add camera, you know, >> I think you should do the web browser. >> I think you should do the web browser. >> I think you should do the web browser. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. Just no small task. Let's let's Just no small task. Let's let's Just no small task. Let's let's bundle up some Chromium in this thing. bundle up some Chromium in this thing. bundle up some Chromium in this thing. >> Yeah. How hard could it be? All right. >> Yeah. How hard could it be? All right. >> Yeah. How hard could it be? All right. And then uh we'll put like a AAA game on And then uh we'll put like a AAA game on And then uh we'll put like a AAA game on here at some point. Um here at some point. Um here at some point. Um >> Doom naturally. add a camera app to this >> Doom naturally. add a camera app to this >> Doom naturally. add a camera app to this phone simulator that uses the hardware phone simulator that uses the hardware phone simulator that uses the hardware camera here on my laptop. We'll be fine. camera here on my laptop. We'll be fine. camera here on my laptop. We'll be fine. And we need to be able to save photos. And we need to be able to save photos.
[02:35:18] And we need to be able to save photos. So, while you're at it, I guess just go So, while you're at it, I guess just go So, while you're at it, I guess just go ahead and add a photos app, too. ahead and add a photos app, too. ahead and add a photos app, too. It can't be that easy. Just just ask. It can't be that easy. Just just ask. It can't be that easy. Just just ask. Now, we should point out I'm using Astra Now, we should point out I'm using Astra Now, we should point out I'm using Astra here. I'm not do I'm not using any sort here. I'm not do I'm not using any sort here. I'm not do I'm not using any sort of skills or MCP servers or anything. of skills or MCP servers or anything. of skills or MCP servers or anything. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I'm not planning. Yeah, >> I'm not planning. Yeah, >> I'm not planning. Yeah, >> I'm just we're just yoloing. >> I'm just we're just yoloing. >> I'm just we're just yoloing. >> We we were talking about I mean it >> We we were talking about I mean it >> We we were talking about I mean it certainly depends what sort of project certainly depends what sort of project certainly depends what sort of project you're working on, right? Um but like we you're working on, right? Um but like we you're working on, right? Um but like we were I saw your tweet the other day and were I saw your tweet the other day and were I saw your tweet the other day and you were like I don't really actually you were like I don't really actually you were like I don't really actually plan that much anymore as an explicit plan that much anymore as an explicit plan that much anymore as an explicit thing. >> Correct. With >> Correct. With >> Correct. With >> Why is that the case? Do you think the
[02:35:48] >> Why is that the case? Do you think the >> Why is that the case? Do you think the models are just in good enough shape? models are just in good enough shape? models are just in good enough shape? >> Because they because they give me what I >> Because they because they give me what I >> Because they because they give me what I want. So they're so intelligent like want. So they're so intelligent like want. So they're so intelligent like >> Chad if you hired a senior dev right >> Chad if you hired a senior dev right >> Chad if you hired a senior dev right somebody who was really expensive a somebody who was really expensive a somebody who was really expensive a really good person you would expect not really good person you would expect not really good person you would expect not to have to tell them every single thing to have to tell them every single thing to have to tell them every single thing that they have to do you would just that they have to do you would just that they have to do you would just point them in the right direction and point them in the right direction and point them in the right direction and these newer models in my opinion are these newer models in my opinion are these newer models in my opinion are very much in that vein right and very much in that vein right and very much in that vein right and actually I feel like if I over plan actually I feel like if I over plan actually I feel like if I over plan actually get a worse result it's better actually get a worse result it's better
[02:36:18] actually get a worse result it's better to let the model actually fill in and be to let the model actually fill in and be to let the model actually fill in and be like well I did this here and then I'll like well I did this here and then I'll like well I did this here and then I'll be like wow what be like wow what be like wow what >> I didn't think to do that but I wish I >> I didn't think to do that but I wish I >> I didn't think to do that but I wish I think I've been there for a couple I think I've been there for a couple I think I've been there for a couple generations too um of models where generations too um of models where generations too um of models where maybe since like 55 GBD 55 and maybe since like 55 GBD 55 and maybe since like 55 GBD 55 and definitely with 56 I found myself doing definitely with 56 I found myself doing definitely with 56 I found myself doing a lot less of that and like I would say a lot less of that and like I would say a lot less of that and like I would say I in a weird way I actually still plan I in a weird way I actually still plan I in a weird way I actually still plan but it was it's more of like an but it was it's more of like an but it was it's more of like an interactive thing. I'm like, "Hey, you interactive thing. I'm like, "Hey, you interactive thing. I'm like, "Hey, you know, I do what you did. I go to voice. know, I do what you did. I go to voice. know, I do what you did. I go to voice. I'm like, "Okay, this is kind of roughly I'm like, "Okay, this is kind of roughly I'm like, "Okay, this is kind of roughly the shape of what I want to do, how I the shape of what I want to do, how I
[02:36:48] the shape of what I want to do, how I want it to work." Spire that off, right? want it to work." Spire that off, right? want it to work." Spire that off, right? And then it's going to come back with And then it's going to come back with And then it's going to come back with something, you know, that's kind of what something, you know, that's kind of what something, you know, that's kind of what I want, but not and you're kind of going I want, but not and you're kind of going I want, but not and you're kind of going back and forth a little bit. And so, I back and forth a little bit. And so, I back and forth a little bit. And so, I will kind of stay in interactive mode, will kind of stay in interactive mode, will kind of stay in interactive mode, not official plan mode, but I'll stay in not official plan mode, but I'll stay in not official plan mode, but I'll stay in interactive mode in the GitHub Copot interactive mode in the GitHub Copot interactive mode in the GitHub Copot app. And when I feel pretty good about app. And when I feel pretty good about app. And when I feel pretty good about it, like then I'll just be like, "All it, like then I'll just be like, "All it, like then I'll just be like, "All right, let's switch this puppy over into right, let's switch this puppy over into right, let's switch this puppy over into autopilot. Go do your thing." autopilot. Go do your thing." autopilot. Go do your thing." I've literally like if you have like a I've literally like if you have like a I've literally like if you have like a very difficult task, some of the very difficult task, some of the very difficult task, some of the projects we're working on in the copod projects we're working on in the copod projects we're working on in the copod app now fall into this category. I will app now fall into this category. I will
[02:37:18] app now fall into this category. I will it will literally run sometimes 3, four, it will literally run sometimes 3, four, it will literally run sometimes 3, four, five, six hours. Oh yeah. Right. And I five, six hours. Oh yeah. Right. And I five, six hours. Oh yeah. Right. And I just go to bed. I'll make sure I just go to bed. I'll make sure I just go to bed. I'll make sure I like I feel like I'm not maximizing my like I feel like I'm not maximizing my like I feel like I'm not maximizing my time if I'm not like hey I need to give time if I'm not like hey I need to give time if I'm not like hey I need to give this while you're sleeping this while you're sleeping this while you're sleeping >> stuff while I'm sleeping which is maybe >> stuff while I'm sleeping which is maybe >> stuff while I'm sleeping which is maybe like a interesting you know thing for us like a interesting you know thing for us like a interesting you know thing for us to consider as society. But uh yeah like to consider as society. But uh yeah like to consider as society. But uh yeah like I that's basically how I work now. And I that's basically how I work now. And I that's basically how I work now. And then I am like batching tasks, right? then I am like batching tasks, right? then I am like batching tasks, right? Because you know I'm a PM, you're in Because you know I'm a PM, you're in Because you know I'm a PM, you're in Devril, like we're jumping around Devril, like we're jumping around Devril, like we're jumping around meetings, we got customer stuff, right? meetings, we got customer stuff, right? meetings, we got customer stuff, right? And so like you're not always just And so like you're not always just
[02:37:49] And so like you're not always just sitting staring at, you know, your sitting staring at, you know, your sitting staring at, you know, your computer doing, you know, coding eight computer doing, you know, coding eight computer doing, you know, coding eight hours a day anymore. So like I find hours a day anymore. So like I find hours a day anymore. So like I find myself trying to batch stuff together. myself trying to batch stuff together. myself trying to batch stuff together. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You know, where I'll be like, okay, I'm >> You know, where I'll be like, okay, I'm >> You know, where I'll be like, okay, I'm going to kick off like five things. going to kick off like five things. going to kick off like five things. Maybe I need to steer it a little bit at Maybe I need to steer it a little bit at Maybe I need to steer it a little bit at the beginning and then it's just kind of the beginning and then it's just kind of the beginning and then it's just kind of I'll check back in on this later. And I'll check back in on this later. And I'll check back in on this later. And also I found like cognitively that's also I found like cognitively that's also I found like cognitively that's easier for me as well because then easier for me as well because then easier for me as well because then you're not in the like constant I need you're not in the like constant I need you're not in the like constant I need to be managing 15 threads and like you to be managing 15 threads and like you to be managing 15 threads and like you can do the parallel work but like in can do the parallel work but like in can do the parallel work but like in terms of how you're actually approaching terms of how you're actually approaching terms of how you're actually approaching reviewing it. You're jumping back in and reviewing it. You're jumping back in and
[02:38:19] reviewing it. You're jumping back in and actually reviewing each synchronously. actually reviewing each synchronously. actually reviewing each synchronously. >> All right. So what's happening here? Are >> All right. So what's happening here? Are >> All right. So what's happening here? Are you already done? you already done? you already done? >> Yeah, it's already ready. So >> Yeah, it's already ready. So >> Yeah, it's already ready. So >> there is no way, dude. All right, let's >> there is no way, dude. All right, let's >> there is no way, dude. All right, let's see. >> This camera is off. Enable camera. >> This camera is off. Enable camera. >> This camera is off. Enable camera. Waiting for Waiting for Waiting for >> Oh my goodness. This is This is gonna be >> Oh my goodness. This is This is gonna be >> Oh my goodness. This is This is gonna be Wait for it. Wait for it. Wait for it. >> Oh my gosh. Oh, selfie. Oh, selfie. Hold on. Okay. Did it go to the photos Hold on. Okay. Did it go to the photos Hold on. Okay. Did it go to the photos app? Let's go to photos. Uh, home app? Let's go to photos. Uh, home
[02:38:50] app? Let's go to photos. Uh, home photos. There's no photos. Zero photos photos. There's no photos. Zero photos photos. There's no photos. Zero photos were saved. Okay. were saved. Okay. were saved. Okay. >> Okay. So, but it's still pretty good for >> Okay. So, but it's still pretty good for >> Okay. So, but it's still pretty good for first prompt, right? first prompt, right? first prompt, right? >> Not bad. Okay. So, uh, what now? What >> Not bad. Okay. So, uh, what now? What >> Not bad. Okay. So, uh, what now? What are you doing? Uh I was I actually was are you doing? Uh I was I actually was are you doing? Uh I was I actually was kind of sending a you know a prompt just kind of sending a you know a prompt just kind of sending a you know a prompt just a second ago. I was just like how does a second ago. I was just like how does a second ago. I was just like how does this thing even work right? Uh because this thing even work right? Uh because this thing even work right? Uh because this is not a codebase I'm familiar this is not a codebase I'm familiar this is not a codebase I'm familiar with. So I was just kind of trying to with. So I was just kind of trying to with. So I was just kind of trying to understand at a high level how like this understand at a high level how like this understand at a high level how like this is rendered how the apps work inside the is rendered how the apps work inside the is rendered how the apps work inside the phone. Um there's a shell ts there's a phone. Um there's a shell ts there's a phone. Um there's a shell ts there's a software.ts, right? Um, and so I'm software.ts, right? Um, and so I'm
[02:39:22] software.ts, right? Um, and so I'm mostly just trying to have some mostly just trying to have some mostly just trying to have some semblance of understanding of the semblance of understanding of the semblance of understanding of the architecture of this thing considering architecture of this thing considering architecture of this thing considering in theory I'm giving it a very difficult in theory I'm giving it a very difficult in theory I'm giving it a very difficult task to go out a web browser to this task to go out a web browser to this task to go out a web browser to this thing. Um, thing. Um, thing. Um, >> so are you doing planning? >> so are you doing planning? >> so are you doing planning? >> No, you're just going to go straight in. >> No, you're just going to go straight in. >> No, you're just going to go straight in. >> Yeah, I'm just I'm just straight going >> Yeah, I'm just I'm just straight going >> Yeah, I'm just I'm just straight going in. Um, in. Um, in. Um, and like the interesting thing with this and like the interesting thing with this and like the interesting thing with this sort of task like this is a very sort of task like this is a very sort of task like this is a very exploratory prototyping task. So I would exploratory prototyping task. So I would exploratory prototyping task. So I would say like in a real project like when I say like in a real project like when I say like in a real project like when I work on the GitHub copilot app something work on the GitHub copilot app something work on the GitHub copilot app something I might do is like we build so many I might do is like we build so many I might do is like we build so many throwaway prototypes and like in a weird throwaway prototypes and like in a weird
[02:39:54] throwaway prototypes and like in a weird way the prototype is your plan right and way the prototype is your plan right and way the prototype is your plan right and then once you're like okay I need to do then once you're like okay I need to do then once you're like okay I need to do this for real Z's and this needs to be this for real Z's and this needs to be this for real Z's and this needs to be production code that's well tested production code that's well tested production code that's well tested that's well architected that's well architected that's well architected that's performant then what you can ask the performant then what you can ask the performant then what you can ask the agent to do is basically hey look at my agent to do is basically hey look at my agent to do is basically hey look at my branch for this prototype extract the branch for this prototype extract the branch for this prototype extract the essence of what I want let's figure out essence of what I want let's figure out essence of what I want let's figure out how to do this the right way quote how to do this the right way quote how to do this the right way quote unquote and then we ship the unquote and then we ship the unquote and then we ship the But then you give yourself the freedom But then you give yourself the freedom But then you give yourself the freedom to explore with the prototype where to explore with the prototype where to explore with the prototype where you don't have to actually worry where you don't have to actually worry where you don't have to actually worry about those things. You just prove it about those things. You just prove it about those things. You just prove it works. >> Yeah. No, I feel the exact same way >> Yeah. No, I feel the exact same way
[02:40:24] >> Yeah. No, I feel the exact same way that I'm just working with output now that I'm just working with output now that I'm just working with output now and working with outcome. What's and working with outcome. What's and working with outcome. What's interesting here is that so I told the interesting here is that so I told the interesting here is that so I told the agent I was like the photos aren't agent I was like the photos aren't agent I was like the photos aren't saving and it's now driving the canvas. saving and it's now driving the canvas. saving and it's now driving the canvas. It's trying to take pictures and test. It's trying to take pictures and test. It's trying to take pictures and test. Oh, it says it's fixed. Oh, it says it's fixed. Oh, it says it's fixed. Well, there's still no photos there. Well, there's still no photos there. Well, there's still no photos there. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Enable camera. Okay, let's go back home. Photos. There Okay, let's go back home. Photos. There they are. Okay, so the camera app is they are. Okay, so the camera app is they are. Okay, so the camera app is working. That was way too easy. Need working. That was way too easy. Need
[02:40:54] working. That was way too easy. Need some more challenges here. All right, some more challenges here. All right, some more challenges here. All right, let's see what you're working. let's see what you're working. let's see what you're working. >> It's funny how we kick this off by being >> It's funny how we kick this off by being >> It's funny how we kick this off by being like, "The last challenge was too easy." like, "The last challenge was too easy." like, "The last challenge was too easy." And Wes is like, "Hey, I built an And Wes is like, "Hey, I built an And Wes is like, "Hey, I built an emulator for this thing. Can you add emulator for this thing. Can you add emulator for this thing. Can you add more apps to it?" And by one prompt, you more apps to it?" And by one prompt, you more apps to it?" And by one prompt, you managed to do it. managed to do it. managed to do it. >> All right. Uh chat, you're going to So, >> All right. Uh chat, you're going to So, >> All right. Uh chat, you're going to So, let's see what PICE is doing. I'm going let's see what PICE is doing. I'm going let's see what PICE is doing. I'm going to go over check with chat and then to go over check with chat and then to go over check with chat and then we'll I think we're going to need some we'll I think we're going to need some we'll I think we're going to need some help from chat here just to actually help from chat here just to actually help from chat here just to actually >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Um >> Um >> Um >> give us ideas. >> give us ideas. >> give us ideas. >> Yeah, give us ideas. We need your ideas. >> Yeah, give us ideas. We need your ideas. >> Yeah, give us ideas. We need your ideas. >> Um >> Um >> Um let's see. Um what else do what else can let's see. Um what else do what else can
[02:41:25] let's see. Um what else do what else can we do here? Um we do here? Um we do here? Um >> let me mute this here. I'm looking at chat. Chat, get your I'm looking at chat. Chat, get your ideas in. What apps should we add here? ideas in. What apps should we add here? ideas in. What apps should we add here? >> I'm adding a GitHub app. Um, because I >> I'm adding a GitHub app. Um, because I >> I'm adding a GitHub app. Um, because I feel like that's necessary for this feel like that's necessary for this feel like that's necessary for this experience. Like this thing was made to experience. Like this thing was made to experience. Like this thing was made to run my agents, man. So, I want to see if run my agents, man. So, I want to see if run my agents, man. So, I want to see if I can get my agents running on this I can get my agents running on this I can get my agents running on this thing. Copilot SDK, everything. Let's thing. Copilot SDK, everything. Let's
[02:41:56] thing. Copilot SDK, everything. Let's like actually turn it into a form factor like actually turn it into a form factor like actually turn it into a form factor where I'm kicking off agents on this where I'm kicking off agents on this where I'm kicking off agents on this simulator. >> It's actually running on the device. >> It's actually running on the device. >> It's actually running on the device. Yes. Okay. Yes. And then uh so like uh Yes. Okay. Yes. And then uh so like uh Yes. Okay. Yes. And then uh so like uh No, I'm going to use voice. Hey. Um, so No, I'm going to use voice. Hey. Um, so No, I'm going to use voice. Hey. Um, so I basically want to turn this device I basically want to turn this device I basically want to turn this device into a way that I manage my coding into a way that I manage my coding into a way that I manage my coding agents with GitHub Copilot. We have the agents with GitHub Copilot. We have the agents with GitHub Copilot. We have the GitHub Copilot SDK. I essentially want GitHub Copilot SDK. I essentially want GitHub Copilot SDK. I essentially want to have a control plane for my agents in to have a control plane for my agents in to have a control plane for my agents in this uh in this simulator, be able to this uh in this simulator, be able to this uh in this simulator, be able to kick things off. We should use all the kick things off. We should use all the
[02:42:26] kick things off. We should use all the awesome features that are available in awesome features that are available in awesome features that are available in this device. It has multiple folds. It this device. It has multiple folds. It this device. It has multiple folds. It has a front, a back. We should figure has a front, a back. We should figure has a front, a back. We should figure out some really cool interaction out some really cool interaction out some really cool interaction patterns that make it super awesome to patterns that make it super awesome to patterns that make it super awesome to partner with agents inside of this partner with agents inside of this partner with agents inside of this simulator. So, let's go explore that simulator. So, let's go explore that simulator. So, let's go explore that with the GitHub copilot SDK. with the GitHub copilot SDK. with the GitHub copilot SDK. Cool. Also, I'm realizing like we're Cool. Also, I'm realizing like we're Cool. Also, I'm realizing like we're going to end up are we going to all end going to end up are we going to all end going to end up are we going to all end up in phone boost because you're trying up in phone boost because you're trying up in phone boost because you're trying I I'm like I need to wait for Burke to I I'm like I need to wait for Burke to I I'm like I need to wait for Burke to finish talking to his agent so I can finish talking to his agent so I can finish talking to his agent so I can talk to my agent real quick right here. talk to my agent real quick right here. talk to my agent real quick right here. >> Oh, with the voice. I'll Yeah, I'm >> Oh, with the voice. I'll Yeah, I'm >> Oh, with the voice. I'll Yeah, I'm timing. So Wes said Wes said he said um timing. So Wes said Wes said he said um
[02:42:58] timing. So Wes said Wes said he said um spin up 50 sub aents to replicate all spin up 50 sub aents to replicate all spin up 50 sub aents to replicate all the apps on the iPhone. Do it. the apps on the iPhone. Do it. the apps on the iPhone. Do it. >> That's what I did. >> That's what I did. >> That's what I did. >> Uh let's see what should all app Okay. >> Uh let's see what should all app Okay. >> Uh let's see what should all app Okay. So the interesting like I don't know if So the interesting like I don't know if So the interesting like I don't know if this is co-pilot um app doing this or if this is co-pilot um app doing this or if this is co-pilot um app doing this or Astra doing this but even when I'm not Astra doing this but even when I'm not Astra doing this but even when I'm not in plan mode it still will ask me in plan mode it still will ask me in plan mode it still will ask me questions >> that it is because the agent is given an >> that it is because the agent is given an >> that it is because the agent is given an ask question tool. And I think like ask question tool. And I think like ask question tool. And I think like some of it is the model right? So like some of it is the model right? So like some of it is the model right? So like the harness does give the model the tool the harness does give the model the tool the harness does give the model the tool but the model has to decide I actually but the model has to decide I actually but the model has to decide I actually want to go back to the user right and so want to go back to the user right and so
[02:43:28] want to go back to the user right and so I do think Astra has like a tendency I do think Astra has like a tendency I do think Astra has like a tendency especially the beginning of something especially the beginning of something especially the beginning of something like this to really try and clarify your like this to really try and clarify your like this to really try and clarify your requirements. Uh, okay. So, built-in requirements. Uh, okay. So, built-in requirements. Uh, okay. So, built-in iPhone apps with browser compatibility iPhone apps with browser compatibility iPhone apps with browser compatibility compatible functionality. Built-in apps compatible functionality. Built-in apps compatible functionality. Built-in apps plus optional Apple apps such as pages, plus optional Apple apps such as pages, plus optional Apple apps such as pages, numbers, and GarageBand, which should numbers, and GarageBand, which should numbers, and GarageBand, which should >> I recommend >> I recommend >> I recommend >> GarageBand in this puppy. That's going >> GarageBand in this puppy. That's going >> GarageBand in this puppy. That's going to be to be to be >> clearly labeled simulations where so >> clearly labeled simulations where so >> clearly labeled simulations where so iCloud, Apple Pay, native hardware, and iCloud, Apple Pay, native hardware, and iCloud, Apple Pay, native hardware, and APIs aren't available. We're just gonna APIs aren't available. We're just gonna
[02:43:58] APIs aren't available. We're just gonna go all in, man. Why not? you're gonna kill me. But uh you're gonna kill me. But uh I used the restroom right before this I used the restroom right before this I used the restroom right before this thing started and I have to use thing started and I have to use thing started and I have to use >> Okay, that's cool. >> Okay, that's cool. >> Okay, that's cool. >> I'll be right back. You drive chat. I'll >> I'll be right back. You drive chat. I'll >> I'll be right back. You drive chat. I'll be right back. be right back. be right back. >> Let's go full screen. >> Let's go full screen. >> Let's go full screen. >> Too much Coke Zero. >> Too much Coke Zero. >> Too much Coke Zero. >> Uh Coke Zeroed up. Hey, can you give me >> Uh Coke Zeroed up. Hey, can you give me >> Uh Coke Zeroed up. Hey, can you give me a drink while you're at it? a drink while you're at it? a drink while you're at it? >> Like a lemonade or something? Um, so, so >> Like a lemonade or something? Um, so, so >> Like a lemonade or something? Um, so, so while Burke was talking, what I've done while Burke was talking, what I've done
[02:44:28] while Burke was talking, what I've done here is, you know, one of the things I here is, you know, one of the things I here is, you know, one of the things I love about the GitHub copilot app is I love about the GitHub copilot app is I love about the GitHub copilot app is I can very easily fire off multiple tasks can very easily fire off multiple tasks can very easily fire off multiple tasks at the same time. So, of course, we at the same time. So, of course, we at the same time. So, of course, we started over here and this was our started over here and this was our started over here and this was our Chromium uh, experiment. And so, that's Chromium uh, experiment. And so, that's Chromium uh, experiment. And so, that's gone ahead and that's running in one gone ahead and that's running in one gone ahead and that's running in one thing. But, as you're giving us more thing. But, as you're giving us more thing. But, as you're giving us more ideas in chat, I'm going and firing ideas in chat, I'm going and firing ideas in chat, I'm going and firing these things off. I'm actually when these things off. I'm actually when these things off. I'm actually when Burke gets back I'm gonna have him pull Burke gets back I'm gonna have him pull Burke gets back I'm gonna have him pull back up the chat and I'll kick off three back up the chat and I'll kick off three back up the chat and I'll kick off three or four ideas based off what we've seen or four ideas based off what we've seen or four ideas based off what we've seen in the chat. But you can see I'm running in the chat. But you can see I'm running in the chat. But you can see I'm running three agents here at the same time. And three agents here at the same time. And
[02:44:58] three agents here at the same time. And basically how this works in the GitHub basically how this works in the GitHub basically how this works in the GitHub copilot app is each session by default copilot app is each session by default copilot app is each session by default when I go this new session thing you can when I go this new session thing you can when I go this new session thing you can see I have I have several options here see I have I have several options here see I have I have several options here right I have new work tree local right I have new work tree local right I have new work tree local repository and cloud. So new workree is repository and cloud. So new workree is repository and cloud. So new workree is basically creating a branch of this basically creating a branch of this basically creating a branch of this exploding uh repo in a separate folder exploding uh repo in a separate folder exploding uh repo in a separate folder and so my agents will not collide as and so my agents will not collide as and so my agents will not collide as they work. That is the default inside they work. That is the default inside they work. That is the default inside the GitHub copilot app because it's the GitHub copilot app because it's the GitHub copilot app because it's built for parallel work moving multiple built for parallel work moving multiple built for parallel work moving multiple tasks forward at once. And so that's tasks forward at once. And so that's tasks forward at once. And so that's our default here. But of course I that's our default here. But of course I
[02:45:28] that's our default here. But of course I can also just run it against like can also just run it against like can also just run it against like whatever directory or sorry whatever directory or sorry whatever directory or sorry whatever branch I have checked out for this app. branch I have checked out for this app. branch I have checked out for this app. So I could pick local repository. So I So I could pick local repository. So I So I could pick local repository. So I will often do this for you know other will often do this for you know other will often do this for you know other things that I'm using the GitHub copilot things that I'm using the GitHub copilot things that I'm using the GitHub copilot app for like you know quering telemetry app for like you know quering telemetry app for like you know quering telemetry building presentations where you know building presentations where you know building presentations where you know it's helpful to have the repo scope and it's helpful to have the repo scope and it's helpful to have the repo scope and all the skills and things like that all the skills and things like that all the skills and things like that are in the repo but I'm not really are in the repo but I'm not really are in the repo but I'm not really making code changes. I'm not worried making code changes. I'm not worried making code changes. I'm not worried about collisions and so I want to pick about collisions and so I want to pick about collisions and so I want to pick that. We also have this cloud option and that. We also have this cloud option and that. We also have this cloud option and that's actually going to kick this task that's actually going to kick this task that's actually going to kick this task off to the cloud agent. I can of course off to the cloud agent. I can of course off to the cloud agent. I can of course steer it and see what's going on steer it and see what's going on
[02:45:59] steer it and see what's going on entirely from uh entirely from the entirely from uh entirely from the entirely from uh entirely from the GitHub copod app. So once we get some of GitHub copod app. So once we get some of GitHub copod app. So once we get some of those ideas, I may kick off a couple those ideas, I may kick off a couple those ideas, I may kick off a couple cloud tasks in addition to the ones I cloud tasks in addition to the ones I cloud tasks in addition to the ones I have locally. Um, we're actually working have locally. Um, we're actually working have locally. Um, we're actually working a lot on kind of this remote agent a lot on kind of this remote agent a lot on kind of this remote agent paradigm because I think you'll find like because I think you'll find like because I think you'll find like separate from the ability to run things separate from the ability to run things separate from the ability to run things locally like you will quickly run into locally like you will quickly run into locally like you will quickly run into device constraints, right? And it's not device constraints, right? And it's not device constraints, right? And it's not so much from the agent itself, it's that so much from the agent itself, it's that so much from the agent itself, it's that our agents are now going they're our agents are now going they're our agents are now going they're obviously building the thing that we're obviously building the thing that we're
[02:46:29] obviously building the thing that we're working on. In the case of GitHub working on. In the case of GitHub working on. In the case of GitHub copilot app, that's Rust, right? So try copilot app, that's Rust, right? So try copilot app, that's Rust, right? So try to try to fire up several Rust builds. to try to fire up several Rust builds. to try to fire up several Rust builds. You're going to run into trouble on even You're going to run into trouble on even You're going to run into trouble on even a very OP machine. Um so you're going to a very OP machine. Um so you're going to a very OP machine. Um so you're going to run into problems there. Uh then also run into problems there. Uh then also run into problems there. Uh then also verification, right? Uh Wes was showing verification, right? Uh Wes was showing verification, right? Uh Wes was showing us like how he does some agentic us like how he does some agentic us like how he does some agentic verification. But if you're not only verification. But if you're not only verification. But if you're not only just building the app, you're running just building the app, you're running just building the app, you're running each of these in their own work tree. each of these in their own work tree. each of these in their own work tree. It's going it's booting the app. It's going it's booting the app. It's going it's booting the app. It's running through a ton of tasks. It's running through a ton of tasks. It's running through a ton of tasks. It's driving the UI. Those are very compute driving the UI. Those are very compute driving the UI. Those are very compute intensive on your machine. And so you'll intensive on your machine. And so you'll intensive on your machine. And so you'll eventually get to the point that like eventually get to the point that like eventually get to the point that like you will be forced to push these things you will be forced to push these things
[02:46:59] you will be forced to push these things onto a remote workspace. And so there's onto a remote workspace. And so there's onto a remote workspace. And so there's a lot of work going on that we're a lot of work going on that we're a lot of work going on that we're excited to show you at GitHub Universe excited to show you at GitHub Universe excited to show you at GitHub Universe uh next month in terms of like how this uh next month in terms of like how this uh next month in terms of like how this remote agent stuff works. You you know remote agent stuff works. You you know remote agent stuff works. You you know you could use a dev box, you could use you could use a dev box, you could use you could use a dev box, you could use um you know a code space, you could use um you know a code space, you could use um you know a code space, you could use an Azure VM, you could use any arbitrary an Azure VM, you could use any arbitrary an Azure VM, you could use any arbitrary remote to basically set up uh a place remote to basically set up uh a place remote to basically set up uh a place where you want these remote agents to where you want these remote agents to where you want these remote agents to run. And of course then once you do run. And of course then once you do run. And of course then once you do that, any GitHub co-pilot client could that, any GitHub co-pilot client could that, any GitHub co-pilot client could in theory, you know, talk to that thing. in theory, you know, talk to that thing. in theory, you know, talk to that thing. So you could start something in the So you could start something in the So you could start something in the GitHub mobile app, pick it up in the GitHub mobile app, pick it up in the GitHub mobile app, pick it up in the GitHub desktop app. So there's all kinds GitHub desktop app. So there's all kinds
[02:47:31] GitHub desktop app. So there's all kinds of fun stuff that's possible. And so I'm of fun stuff that's possible. And so I'm of fun stuff that's possible. And so I'm super excited about kind of this remote super excited about kind of this remote super excited about kind of this remote execution thing and getting more things execution thing and getting more things execution thing and getting more things off of my machine. Um, so yeah, let's off of my machine. Um, so yeah, let's off of my machine. Um, so yeah, let's check in on what some of these things check in on what some of these things check in on what some of these things are doing. are doing. are doing. So um, it looks like it's going through So um, it looks like it's going through So um, it looks like it's going through and adding some of the Chromium stuff. and adding some of the Chromium stuff. and adding some of the Chromium stuff. Uh, I can also come in here and you can Uh, I can also come in here and you can Uh, I can also come in here and you can see like in the GitHub copod app, this see like in the GitHub copod app, this see like in the GitHub copod app, this thing is firing off like a ton of sub thing is firing off like a ton of sub thing is firing off like a ton of sub aents and things like that. So, here's aents and things like that. So, here's aents and things like that. So, here's one that's running around implementing one that's running around implementing one that's running around implementing the Chromium back in. Here's one that is the Chromium back in. Here's one that is
[02:48:01] the Chromium back in. Here's one that is actually going and building something. actually going and building something. actually going and building something. Uh, what else do we have going on? Um, Uh, what else do we have going on? Um, Uh, what else do we have going on? Um, if I jump over to which one was this? if I jump over to which one was this? if I jump over to which one was this? The GitHub app. It's going ahead and The GitHub app. It's going ahead and The GitHub app. It's going ahead and adding that. Now, I asked it to do the adding that. Now, I asked it to do the adding that. Now, I asked it to do the real GitHub app. It did ask me a real GitHub app. It did ask me a real GitHub app. It did ask me a question about that. I was like, "No, I question about that. I was like, "No, I question about that. I was like, "No, I don't want mock data. I want you to don't want mock data. I want you to don't want mock data. I want you to actually talk to GitHub. For now, this actually talk to GitHub. For now, this actually talk to GitHub. For now, this is going to use the GH CLI and the O is going to use the GH CLI and the O is going to use the GH CLI and the O token from that to kind of query the token from that to kind of query the token from that to kind of query the data so I don't have to go and, you data so I don't have to go and, you data so I don't have to go and, you know, set up OOTH and all that fun stuff know, set up OOTH and all that fun stuff know, set up OOTH and all that fun stuff for the simulator, which I think is a for the simulator, which I think is a for the simulator, which I think is a reasonable choice. Um, and then let's reasonable choice. Um, and then let's
[02:48:31] reasonable choice. Um, and then let's check in on this one I had around using check in on this one I had around using check in on this one I had around using the GitHub Copod SDK. And one thing the GitHub Copod SDK. And one thing the GitHub Copod SDK. And one thing maybe Burke and I didn't like go super maybe Burke and I didn't like go super maybe Burke and I didn't like go super into is you can see like we used to be into is you can see like we used to be into is you can see like we used to be so particular about our prompts, right? so particular about our prompts, right? so particular about our prompts, right? It was like, oh, I need to um, you know, It was like, oh, I need to um, you know, It was like, oh, I need to um, you know, prompt in this very specific way. I need prompt in this very specific way. I need prompt in this very specific way. I need to avoid any contradictions. I need to avoid any contradictions. I need to avoid any contradictions. I need to uh be very precise in basically how I'm uh be very precise in basically how I'm uh be very precise in basically how I'm partnering with the models. And I partnering with the models. And I partnering with the models. And I think as the capability has increased think as the capability has increased think as the capability has increased increasingly, right, like doing increasingly, right, like doing
[02:49:01] increasingly, right, like doing something like I'm just going to word something like I'm just going to word something like I'm just going to word vomit my prompt into thank you into the vomit my prompt into thank you into the vomit my prompt into thank you into the GitHub copilot app. The model is capable GitHub copilot app. The model is capable GitHub copilot app. The model is capable to the point that you don't have to have to the point that you don't have to have to the point that you don't have to have like the most perfect well-crafted like the most perfect well-crafted like the most perfect well-crafted prompt anymore. You can just talk to prompt anymore. You can just talk to prompt anymore. You can just talk to this thing and things will happen. Oh this thing and things will happen. Oh this thing and things will happen. Oh man, I see Burke. Let's jump over to man, I see Burke. Let's jump over to man, I see Burke. Let's jump over to Burke. He's got he's got sub agents Burke. He's got he's got sub agents Burke. He's got he's got sub agents going. He's got me eliminated. going. He's got me eliminated. going. He's got me eliminated. >> We've got >> We've got >> We've got >> What's happening? >> What's happening? >> What's happening? >> Yeah. So, we have So, this session >> Yeah. So, we have So, this session >> Yeah. So, we have So, this session didn't spawn a didn't spawn a didn't spawn a iMovie Garage Band. iMovie Garage Band.
[02:49:31] iMovie Garage Band. Oh, my mic. Helps if I turn my mic on. Oh, my mic. Helps if I turn my mic on. Oh, my mic. Helps if I turn my mic on. So, this session right here spawned all So, this session right here spawned all So, this session right here spawned all of these, one for each app. So, we have of these, one for each app. So, we have of these, one for each app. So, we have an in iMovie. an in iMovie. an in iMovie. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> GarageBand, Keynote, Free Form, Measure, >> GarageBand, Keynote, Free Form, Measure, >> GarageBand, Keynote, Free Form, Measure, Numbers, Pages, Journal, Stocks, Numbers, Pages, Journal, Stocks, Numbers, Pages, Journal, Stocks, FaceTime. >> Dude, FaceTime is going to be crazy if >> Dude, FaceTime is going to be crazy if >> Dude, FaceTime is going to be crazy if we can get that working. we can get that working. we can get that working. >> Magnifier, passwords, find my >> Magnifier, passwords, find my >> Magnifier, passwords, find my There's no way all this stuff's going to There's no way all this stuff's going to There's no way all this stuff's going to actually work, though. actually work, though.
[02:50:01] actually work, though. >> I'm a bit worried your machine may >> I'm a bit worried your machine may >> I'm a bit worried your machine may explode during the course of this explode during the course of this explode during the course of this live stream here. live stream here. live stream here. >> TV app, reminders, podcast. Some of >> TV app, reminders, podcast. Some of >> TV app, reminders, podcast. Some of these are already done. Files is done. these are already done. Files is done. these are already done. Files is done. Settings is done. Settings is done. Settings is done. >> Wait, >> Wait, >> Wait, >> app store is done. How can the app store >> app store is done. How can the app store >> app store is done. How can the app store be done? be done? be done? >> Let's go into the app store. I want to >> Let's go into the app store. I want to >> Let's go into the app store. I want to see what the model has cooked see what the model has cooked see what the model has cooked up for this. up for this. up for this. >> Well, they're not there. >> Well, they're not there. >> Well, they're not there. >> Oh, because they're different work >> Oh, because they're different work >> Oh, because they're different work trees. It's going to have to get it back trees. It's going to have to get it back trees. It's going to have to get it back into >> um Oh, how is what is the best way to do >> um Oh, how is what is the best way to do >> um Oh, how is what is the best way to do this? So, each one of these is a work this? So, each one of these is a work
[02:50:31] this? So, each one of these is a work tree. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Which means my hard drive is also >> Which means my hard drive is also >> Which means my hard drive is also maxed out. maxed out. maxed out. >> So, each one of these work tree. How do >> So, each one of these work tree. How do >> So, each one of these work tree. How do we get it back to test in the main we get it back to test in the main we get it back to test in the main session? I could have it merge each work session? I could have it merge each work session? I could have it merge each work tree back. tree back. tree back. >> Yeah. So, basically in this in this main >> Yeah. So, basically in this in this main >> Yeah. So, basically in this in this main one, you can so the GitHub copilot app one, you can so the GitHub copilot app one, you can so the GitHub copilot app can control the GitHub copot app. So, can control the GitHub copot app. So, can control the GitHub copot app. So, you could say something like when you're you could say something like when you're you could say something like when you're done, bring it back, bring it back to done, bring it back, bring it back to done, bring it back, bring it back to this session and so basically then this session and so basically then this session and so basically then what the GitHub copot app will do, it's what the GitHub copot app will do, it's what the GitHub copot app will do, it's given tools that can create sessions given tools that can create sessions given tools that can create sessions like it did here. It can also monitor like it did here. It can also monitor
[02:51:02] like it did here. It can also monitor those sessions. And so when it monitors those sessions. And so when it monitors those sessions. And so when it monitors and it's done, the sub agent can send a and it's done, the sub agent can send a and it's done, the sub agent can send a message back to this and say I'm done, message back to this and say I'm done, message back to this and say I'm done, it will say message received. And then it will say message received. And then it will say message received. And then this agent will actually go and this agent will actually go and this agent will actually go and integrate the changes. So that's totally integrate the changes. So that's totally integrate the changes. So that's totally something the app can do on its own. You something the app can do on its own. You something the app can do on its own. You just got to ask. just got to ask. just got to ask. >> So let's see here. Yeah, I did it right >> So let's see here. Yeah, I did it right >> So let's see here. Yeah, I did it right here. When you're done, bring the apps here. When you're done, bring the apps here. When you're done, bring the apps back here and into this work tree. So it back here and into this work tree. So it back here and into this work tree. So it should merge them back. Actually, I want to say as the apps Actually, I want to say as the apps finish, let's see here. finish, let's see here.
[02:51:32] finish, let's see here. Let's copy this as the apps finish. As that's one S, not as the apps finish. As that's one S, not it's not two S's on as the apps. As the apps finish, bring them back and As the apps finish, bring them back and merge into this work tree here. Uh, merge into this work tree here. Uh, merge into this work tree here. Uh, yeah, perfect. There we go. All right.
[02:52:02] All right. >> All right. What do you know? >> All right. What do you know? >> All right. What do you know? >> How do you How do you get into the apps >> How do you How do you get into the apps >> How do you How do you get into the apps again? >> Uh, it's right. It's below the preview. >> Uh, it's right. It's below the preview. >> Uh, it's right. It's below the preview. There's an apps preview. It's like teeny There's an apps preview. It's like teeny There's an apps preview. It's like teeny tiny. There you go. Yeah. tiny. There you go. Yeah. tiny. There you go. Yeah. >> All right. >> All right. >> All right. >> The browser. >> The browser. >> The browser. >> Let's try. Okay. I can't click in. So, >> Let's try. Okay. I can't click in. So, >> Let's try. Okay. I can't click in. So, not great. Chromium companion is not great. Chromium companion is not great. Chromium companion is not running. Okay. So, we're, you know, running. Okay. So, we're, you know, running. Okay. So, we're, you know, we're making some progress. I don't know we're making some progress. I don't know we're making some progress. I don't know why it built two why it built two why it built two pains here. pains here. pains here. >> Uh, because it's a foldable phone, so >> Uh, because it's a foldable phone, so >> Uh, because it's a foldable phone, so the UI is different. I would have to the UI is different. I would have to the UI is different. I would have to totally rethink how I want to. totally rethink how I want to. totally rethink how I want to. >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> that's a bit weird. So then should we >> that's a bit weird. So then should we
[02:52:33] >> that's a bit weird. So then should we render like render like render like >> the above the fold on the left and the >> the above the fold on the left and the >> the above the fold on the left and the below the fold on the like now I have below the fold on the like now I have below the fold on the like now I have two folds. two folds. two folds. >> How what should I do in terms of like >> How what should I do in terms of like >> How what should I do in terms of like maximizing the surface area? maximizing the surface area? maximizing the surface area? >> Should you like have the page continue >> Should you like have the page continue >> Should you like have the page continue on the right hand side? on the right hand side? on the right hand side? >> That's what I'm wondering. Or is that >> That's what I'm wondering. Or is that >> That's what I'm wondering. Or is that like just wasteful and like just wasteful and like just wasteful and like I don't know that I actually want that I don't know that I actually want that I don't know that I actually want that as a user but then I feel as a user but then I feel as a user but then I feel >> because then if you're scrolling that's >> because then if you're scrolling that's >> because then if you're scrolling that's just going to be weird. It's going to just going to be weird. It's going to just going to be weird. It's going to scroll from one side to the other side. scroll from one side to the other side. scroll from one side to the other side. Or it could work. That actually could Or it could work. That actually could Or it could work. That actually could work, >> dude. >> dude. >> dude. >> I mean, you'd have to see it work in >> I mean, you'd have to see it work in
[02:53:03] >> I mean, you'd have to see it work in order. >> We're going to have to try it. I think >> We're going to have to try it. I think >> We're going to have to try it. I think that's going to hurt my brain a little that's going to hurt my brain a little that's going to hurt my brain a little bit. I got to be honest. Um, it's always bit. I got to be honest. Um, it's always bit. I got to be honest. Um, it's always fun when these new form factors come out fun when these new form factors come out fun when these new form factors come out because you have to kind of rethink how because you have to kind of rethink how because you have to kind of rethink how you actually build software for it. Um, you actually build software for it. Um, you actually build software for it. Um, all right. What's going on with our all right. What's going on with our all right. What's going on with our build browser compon uh companion build browser compon uh companion build browser compon uh companion here? Okay. I am still going here cranking away on I am still going here cranking away on I am still going here cranking away on the home app. app, the Shortcuts app, the home app. app, the Shortcuts app, the home app. app, the Shortcuts app, the books app, the numbers app, numbers. the books app, the numbers app, numbers. the books app, the numbers app, numbers. It's going to create a spreadsheet It's going to create a spreadsheet
[02:53:35] It's going to create a spreadsheet app just on the fly. app just on the fly. app just on the fly. >> Time to be alive, man. >> Time to be alive, man. >> Time to be alive, man. >> It is. It is actually It's super fun. >> It is. It is actually It's super fun. >> It is. It is actually It's super fun. You can literally I really do believe You can literally I really do believe You can literally I really do believe like our limit is now like our like our limit is now like our like our limit is now like our creativity. And that's like a very creativity. And that's like a very creativity. And that's like a very cliche like handwavy thing to say, but cliche like handwavy thing to say, but cliche like handwavy thing to say, but like the fact that all you're seeing all like the fact that all you're seeing all like the fact that all you're seeing all this come to life like people who are this come to life like people who are this come to life like people who are just extremely ambitious and creative just extremely ambitious and creative just extremely ambitious and creative are going to do really well in this new are going to do really well in this new are going to do really well in this new world. I really believe that. world. I really believe that. world. I really believe that. >> Yeah. And it's I mean it's uh it's so >> Yeah. And it's I mean it's uh it's so >> Yeah. And it's I mean it's uh it's so because I was thinking about this before because I was thinking about this before because I was thinking about this before like the grill me skill from Matt really like the grill me skill from Matt really
[02:54:05] like the grill me skill from Matt really changed everything. And the thing about changed everything. And the thing about changed everything. And the thing about it is it's really simple. I think it's it is it's really simple. I think it's it is it's really simple. I think it's like he said it's like four sentences. like he said it's like four sentences. like he said it's like four sentences. I've never actually looked at it but I've never actually looked at it but I've never actually looked at it but it's really simple. It's just an idea it's really simple. It's just an idea it's really simple. It's just an idea and the idea is to just have the agent and the idea is to just have the agent and the idea is to just have the agent >> persistently ask you questions >> persistently ask you questions >> persistently ask you questions >> and that just works, right? So like it's >> and that just works, right? So like it's >> and that just works, right? So like it's these simple ideas. I think now these simple ideas. I think now these simple ideas. I think now >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> have a lot of impact. Yep. >> have a lot of impact. Yep. >> have a lot of impact. Yep. >> Right. >> Right. >> Right. >> Yeah. I mean >> Yeah. I mean >> Yeah. I mean >> who has maybe the idea guys it is >> who has maybe the idea guys it is >> who has maybe the idea guys it is the era of the idea of the idea guy. the era of the idea of the idea guy. the era of the idea of the idea guy. >> Um >> Um
[02:54:35] >> Um >> Yeah. No, that's it's very >> Yeah. No, that's it's very >> Yeah. No, that's it's very interesting. Yeah. Like the skill interesting. Yeah. Like the skill interesting. Yeah. Like the skill thing also reminds me like I was talking thing also reminds me like I was talking thing also reminds me like I was talking about it while you were gone. Like I about it while you were gone. Like I about it while you were gone. Like I remember I do a lot of like you know remember I do a lot of like you know remember I do a lot of like you know meet and greets with different meet and greets with different meet and greets with different developers seeing how they work and I developers seeing how they work and I developers seeing how they work and I learned a ton of cool stuff. But like learned a ton of cool stuff. But like learned a ton of cool stuff. But like one thing that like I see that I think one thing that like I see that I think one thing that like I see that I think is kind of an anti-attern is kind of an anti-attern is kind of an anti-attern is increasingly I see people basically like increasingly I see people basically like increasingly I see people basically like I need to spend you know a month I need to spend you know a month I need to spend you know a month perfectly optimizing my agentic system perfectly optimizing my agentic system perfectly optimizing my agentic system with all these skills and MCP servers with all these skills and MCP servers
[02:55:05] with all these skills and MCP servers and you're like yeah but what are you and you're like yeah but what are you and you're like yeah but what are you doing and like then it's actually kind doing and like then it's actually kind doing and like then it's actually kind of hard for people to explain like what of hard for people to explain like what of hard for people to explain like what that all does. But I think the like the that all does. But I think the like the that all does. But I think the like the Matt PCO like skill is like such a great Matt PCO like skill is like such a great Matt PCO like skill is like such a great example. It's like you don't have to example. It's like you don't have to example. It's like you don't have to have this like you know 50,000line have this like you know 50,000line have this like you know 50,000line markdown file of here is how our team markdown file of here is how our team markdown file of here is how our team works and everything. works and everything. works and everything. >> You can now these models are so >> You can now these models are so >> You can now these models are so capable you it's more about capable you it's more about capable you it's more about communicating your intent and you don't communicating your intent and you don't communicating your intent and you don't have to do that in a lot of words. Yeah. have to do that in a lot of words. Yeah. have to do that in a lot of words. Yeah. >> Just takes a couple >> Just takes a couple >> Just takes a couple >> and especially these newer models >> and especially these newer models >> and especially these newer models they're so good. I mean in the past you they're so good. I mean in the past you they're so good. I mean in the past you had to give the model these guard rails had to give the model these guard rails
[02:55:35] had to give the model these guard rails but I feel like now but I feel like now but I feel like now >> the more guardrails I give it the more >> the more guardrails I give it the more >> the more guardrails I give it the more I'm like inflicting my own I'm like inflicting my own I'm like inflicting my own >> errors. Your own limiting you're >> errors. Your own limiting you're >> errors. Your own limiting you're limiting beliefs. you're limiting the limiting beliefs. you're limiting the limiting beliefs. you're limiting the communicating to the agent, right? communicating to the agent, right? communicating to the agent, right? >> And it's kind of >> And it's kind of >> And it's kind of >> but in a weird way, it's like and like a >> but in a weird way, it's like and like a >> but in a weird way, it's like and like a lot of things that were like uh lot of things that were like uh lot of things that were like uh anti-atterns for software engineering anti-atterns for software engineering anti-atterns for software engineering are now like perhaps how you should are now like perhaps how you should are now like perhaps how you should work, right? Like constraint has always work, right? Like constraint has always work, right? Like constraint has always been good when building software. been good when building software. been good when building software. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And in a way, like to your point, the >> And in a way, like to your point, the >> And in a way, like to your point, the model when you actually give it an model when you actually give it an
[02:56:05] model when you actually give it an underspecified plan if you're in the underspecified plan if you're in the underspecified plan if you're in the prototyping stage in a kind of prototyping stage in a kind of prototyping stage in a kind of interesting way, it has creativity interesting way, it has creativity interesting way, it has creativity because these things are because these things are because these things are non-deterministic. And so if you spend non-deterministic. And so if you spend non-deterministic. And so if you spend five of these things, you're going to five of these things, you're going to five of these things, you're going to get five different results. And like in get five different results. And like in get five different results. And like in a weird way, having an oversp specified a weird way, having an oversp specified a weird way, having an oversp specified plan of you have to work exactly in this plan of you have to work exactly in this plan of you have to work exactly in this way, you're not allowing the model to way, you're not allowing the model to way, you're not allowing the model to really express its like really express its like really express its like >> it's non-determinism on the solution, >> it's non-determinism on the solution, >> it's non-determinism on the solution, right? >> Yeah. You're limiting the >> Yeah. You're limiting the >> Yeah. You're limiting the >> people are going to like this. You're >> people are going to like this. You're >> people are going to like this. You're limiting the better developer in the limiting the better developer in the limiting the better developer in the conversation
[02:56:35] conversation to your to your to your >> Well, it's the way I view it >> Well, it's the way I view it >> Well, it's the way I view it is kind of like a team, right? you know, is kind of like a team, right? you know, is kind of like a team, right? you know, um, yes, like some ideas are better than um, yes, like some ideas are better than um, yes, like some ideas are better than others, but like on a team, everyone others, but like on a team, everyone others, but like on a team, everyone brings a different perspective and that brings a different perspective and that brings a different perspective and that makes the thing you're building better. makes the thing you're building better. makes the thing you're building better. And so it's just kind of natural when And so it's just kind of natural when And so it's just kind of natural when partnering with agents, especially using partnering with agents, especially using partnering with agents, especially using different models, like if you prototype different models, like if you prototype different models, like if you prototype the thing three or four times with three the thing three or four times with three the thing three or four times with three or four different models, you're getting or four different models, you're getting or four different models, you're getting different perspectives, right? And it is different perspectives, right? And it is different perspectives, right? And it is true that if you oversp specify your true that if you oversp specify your true that if you oversp specify your plan, then you're reducing the plan, then you're reducing the plan, then you're reducing the creativity because you're adding creativity because you're adding creativity because you're adding constraint, right? constraint, right? constraint, right? >> 100%. >> 100%. >> 100%. >> So it's a feature and a bug. >> So it's a feature and a bug.
[02:57:06] >> So it's a feature and a bug. >> Uh, let's see. Can we bring my screen >> Uh, let's see. Can we bring my screen >> Uh, let's see. Can we bring my screen up, Matt, if you could, so we can see. up, Matt, if you could, so we can see. up, Matt, if you could, so we can see. Oh, no. Just as I do that, my it goes Oh, no. Just as I do that, my it goes Oh, no. Just as I do that, my it goes away. It was here. We had some apps. away. It was here. We had some apps. away. It was here. We had some apps. >> I saw them. >> I saw them. >> I saw them. >> The agent's cooking again. >> The agent's cooking again. >> The agent's cooking again. >> I hear like the mic is his mic is >> I hear like the mic is his mic is >> I hear like the mic is his mic is right here, but like the fan I hear this right here, but like the fan I hear this right here, but like the fan I hear this thing going. thing going. thing going. >> Oh, man. It is >> Oh, man. It is >> Oh, man. It is >> It's going to get hot in here. We still >> It's going to get hot in here. We still >> It's going to get hot in here. We still got an hour to go. got an hour to go. got an hour to go. >> It's going to be like Florida by the >> It's going to be like Florida by the >> It's going to be like Florida by the time we get out of here. time we get out of here. time we get out of here. Oh yeah, this thing is struggling.
[02:57:36] Oh yeah, this thing is struggling. Oh yeah, this thing is struggling. >> Well, while you were gone, I was talking >> Well, while you were gone, I was talking >> Well, while you were gone, I was talking about like how I feel like if you can do about like how I feel like if you can do about like how I feel like if you can do things like what you just did, your things like what you just did, your things like what you just did, your local machine becomes the constraint, local machine becomes the constraint, local machine becomes the constraint, right? Because it's not even just you're right? Because it's not even just you're right? Because it's not even just you're running 50 agents is that each agent is running 50 agents is that each agent is running 50 agents is that each agent is building, compiling, running your app, building, compiling, running your app, building, compiling, running your app, validating it works. validating it works. validating it works. >> Yeah. Look at this. Look at all these >> Yeah. Look at this. Look at all these >> Yeah. Look at this. Look at all these agents running. Look at this, agents running. Look at this, agents running. Look at this, >> dude. There's so many. And the thing is >> dude. There's so many. And the thing is >> dude. There's so many. And the thing is like this is an M5 Mac Pro. like this is an M5 Mac Pro. like this is an M5 Mac Pro. >> Top of the line. I buy I buy my own >> Top of the line. I buy I buy my own >> Top of the line. I buy I buy my own hardware because I want access to the hardware because I want access to the
[02:58:07] hardware because I want access to the best and like same thing like I'm best and like same thing like I'm best and like same thing like I'm running top-of-the-line everything at my running top-of-the-line everything at my running top-of-the-line everything at my house. I have top-of-the-line Mac Studio house. I have top-of-the-line Mac Studio house. I have top-of-the-line Mac Studio and even that, you know, unified memory and even that, you know, unified memory and even that, you know, unified memory and everything. You're pushing the and everything. You're pushing the and everything. You're pushing the boundary of what that thing can do. boundary of what that thing can do. boundary of what that thing can do. >> I know it. Well, um I wonder got a blank page here. Trying the got a blank page here. Trying the browser. Let's see here. Burke, enable the HTML Let's see here. Burke, enable the HTML Let's see here. Burke, enable the HTML in canvas flag on your browser. I don't in canvas flag on your browser. I don't in canvas flag on your browser. I don't know where that is. know where that is. know where that is. >> Someone's going to have to in the in >> Someone's going to have to in the in >> Someone's going to have to in the in chat. Can someone figure out in Edge chat. Can someone figure out in Edge
[02:58:37] chat. Can someone figure out in Edge settings how we do that? settings how we do that? settings how we do that? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Or we can go install Chrome if we need >> Or we can go install Chrome if we need >> Or we can go install Chrome if we need to. But to. But to. But >> how? >> how? >> how? >> Look, I How do I enable I >> Look, I How do I enable I >> Look, I How do I enable I enable the enable the enable the >> I told you this is going to be the >> I told you this is going to be the >> I told you this is going to be the hardest part. hardest part. hardest part. >> Flag in Edge, please. >> Just have Luna do it. >> Just have Luna do it. >> I have something I'm not supposed to >> I have something I'm not supposed to >> I have something I'm not supposed to show, but I'm gonna, you know, we like show, but I'm gonna, you know, we like show, but I'm gonna, you know, we like to have fun here. We're amongst friends to have fun here. We're amongst friends to have fun here. We're amongst friends on the stream and um on the stream and um on the stream and um >> what do you got? >> what do you got? >> what do you got? >> I it was already up so I'm not revealing >> I it was already up so I'm not revealing >> I it was already up so I'm not revealing something that wasn't already up but something that wasn't already up but something that wasn't already up but like there speaking of new things in the like there speaking of new things in the
[02:59:07] like there speaking of new things in the pipeline um if I jump over here look at pipeline um if I jump over here look at pipeline um if I jump over here look at look at these tool calls. H >> oh >> oh >> that would be great if GitHub >> that would be great if GitHub >> that would be great if GitHub copilot had that feature wouldn't it? Um copilot had that feature wouldn't it? Um copilot had that feature wouldn't it? Um so always new things cooking things on so always new things cooking things on so always new things cooking things on the horizon uh from the GitHub copilot the horizon uh from the GitHub copilot the horizon uh from the GitHub copilot team. So, I did have streamer mode on, team. So, I did have streamer mode on, team. So, I did have streamer mode on, so I wasn't expecting that would be so I wasn't expecting that would be so I wasn't expecting that would be hidden, but here we are. So, always a hidden, but here we are. So, always a hidden, but here we are. So, always a fun nugget for folks on the stream. Um, fun nugget for folks on the stream. Um,
[02:59:38] fun nugget for folks on the stream. Um, you know what's interesting is like I'm you know what's interesting is like I'm you know what's interesting is like I'm realizing that like despite running realizing that like despite running realizing that like despite running three things, like you're more three things, like you're more three things, like you're more aggressive strategy of I'm going to do aggressive strategy of I'm going to do aggressive strategy of I'm going to do 50 sub agents is probably actually more 50 sub agents is probably actually more 50 sub agents is probably actually more likely to produce like a demoable result likely to produce like a demoable result likely to produce like a demoable result than what I'm doing. than what I'm doing. than what I'm doing. >> I really believe that. >> I really believe that. >> I really believe that. >> You think so? Yes, I do. >> You think so? Yes, I do. >> You think so? Yes, I do. >> All right, hold on. If it says in Edge >> All right, hold on. If it says in Edge >> All right, hold on. If it says in Edge can No, we already did this. I opened can No, we already did this. I opened can No, we already did this. I opened Edge literally. Yeah, I don't I don't Edge literally. Yeah, I don't I don't Edge literally. Yeah, I don't I don't actually see it. HTML in canvas. Maybe actually see it. HTML in canvas. Maybe
[03:00:08] actually see it. HTML in canvas. Maybe we need I need we need I need we need I need >> just install Chrome. We'll give it a go. >> just install Chrome. We'll give it a go. >> just install Chrome. We'll give it a go. >> Edge. Maybe I need Edge Canary. >> Edge. Maybe I need Edge Canary. >> Edge. Maybe I need Edge Canary. >> Don't know if it if it is a new like >> Don't know if it if it is a new like >> Don't know if it if it is a new like Chromium thing, then yeah, like I could Chromium thing, then yeah, like I could Chromium thing, then yeah, like I could see that being a deal. see that being a deal. see that being a deal. >> What do I need? Where is this? Where >> What do I need? Where is this? Where >> What do I need? Where is this? Where >> we don't know how we don't know how >> we don't know how we don't know how >> we don't know how we don't know how things work? I'm building a browser, but things work? I'm building a browser, but things work? I'm building a browser, but I don't know what I need to do. I don't know what I need to do. I don't know what I need to do. >> Edge Canary. Edge Canary. >> Um, >> Um, >> pull it in. We'll try Canary. That >> pull it in. We'll try Canary. That >> pull it in. We'll try Canary. That doesn't work. doesn't work. doesn't work. So, you know, one other thing that the So, you know, one other thing that the
[03:00:39] So, you know, one other thing that the is really powerful with these agents is really powerful with these agents is really powerful with these agents that I'm seeing on my screen right now that I'm seeing on my screen right now that I'm seeing on my screen right now is um is um is um you know, not only are, you know, is you know, not only are, you know, is you know, not only are, you know, is GitHub copilot going and writing the GitHub copilot going and writing the GitHub copilot going and writing the code and making sure it compiles and all code and making sure it compiles and all code and making sure it compiles and all that, but like we also saw it in Wes's that, but like we also saw it in Wes's that, but like we also saw it in Wes's demo, like it's going and actually like demo, like it's going and actually like demo, like it's going and actually like running the thing, basically creating running the thing, basically creating running the thing, basically creating its own acceptance tests, like using its own acceptance tests, like using its own acceptance tests, like using feedback loops, like you know, in this feedback loops, like you know, in this feedback loops, like you know, in this case, screenshots to say, does it do the case, screenshots to say, does it do the case, screenshots to say, does it do the thing? That saves me so much time thing? That saves me so much time thing? That saves me so much time because I remember like I call like AI because I remember like I call like AI because I remember like I call like AI 1.0 0 era like with partnering with 1.0 0 era like with partnering with
[03:01:10] 1.0 0 era like with partnering with agents like most of your time was like agents like most of your time was like agents like most of your time was like all right like you know mpm install n all right like you know mpm install n all right like you know mpm install n mpm rundev like all right let's boot mpm rundev like all right let's boot mpm rundev like all right let's boot this up and then you like click through this up and then you like click through this up and then you like click through and you're like you didn't even do the and you're like you didn't even do the and you're like you didn't even do the most basic thing and then you're like most basic thing and then you're like most basic thing and then you're like all right back to the drawing board you all right back to the drawing board you all right back to the drawing board you prompt this now you're to you totally if prompt this now you're to you totally if prompt this now you're to you totally if you do not want to be part of that you do not want to be part of that you do not want to be part of that initial just basic validation loop you initial just basic validation loop you initial just basic validation loop you do not have to be do not have to be do not have to be >> which is super because we have this >> which is super because we have this >> which is super because we have this shared thing right here shared thing right here shared thing right here >> in the GitHub copilot app and we also >> in the GitHub copilot app and we also >> in the GitHub copilot app and we also have this in VS Code um the built-in have this in VS Code um the built-in have this in VS Code um the built-in browser in our tool tools uh basically browser in our tool tools uh basically
[03:01:40] browser in our tool tools uh basically uh exposes tools back to the agent so uh exposes tools back to the agent so uh exposes tools back to the agent so that uh it can do things like navigate, that uh it can do things like navigate, that uh it can do things like navigate, take screenshots, click elements, right? take screenshots, click elements, right? take screenshots, click elements, right? Um if you shared your browser session Um if you shared your browser session Um if you shared your browser session with the agent, which in this case I with the agent, which in this case I with the agent, which in this case I have inside the GitHub copilot app. And have inside the GitHub copilot app. And have inside the GitHub copilot app. And so that's like a super powerful unlock. so that's like a super powerful unlock. so that's like a super powerful unlock. But it does make me wonder like of But it does make me wonder like of But it does make me wonder like of course there's things like computer use course there's things like computer use course there's things like computer use on the horizon, but it does make it's on the horizon, but it does make it's on the horizon, but it does make it's like yet another reason the web stack I like yet another reason the web stack I like yet another reason the web stack I think is winning because like it just think is winning because like it just think is winning because like it just like all of these things are already like all of these things are already like all of these things are already there. the building blocks you need for there. the building blocks you need for there. the building blocks you need for your agent. You don't have to go build your agent. You don't have to go build your agent. You don't have to go build anything.
[03:02:10] anything. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Like I don't this is already just like >> Like I don't this is already just like >> Like I don't this is already just like building on you the shoulders of giants building on you the shoulders of giants building on you the shoulders of giants of things that have happened in web tech of things that have happened in web tech of things that have happened in web tech over the past 15 years, right? over the past 15 years, right? over the past 15 years, right? >> Yeah, I totally agree. I mean >> Yeah, I totally agree. I mean >> Yeah, I totally agree. I mean >> and then other stacks that are less >> and then other stacks that are less >> and then other stacks that are less agent accessible like for this sort of agent accessible like for this sort of agent accessible like for this sort of thing are going to struggle. I really thing are going to struggle. I really thing are going to struggle. I really believe that. believe that. believe that. >> But I'm trying to install Edge Canary at >> But I'm trying to install Edge Canary at >> But I'm trying to install Edge Canary at the moment. Hold on. I can't multitask. the moment. Hold on. I can't multitask. the moment. Hold on. I can't multitask. Edge Canary. Here we go. Edge Canary. Here we go. Edge Canary. Here we go. >> Makes me nervous installing >> Makes me nervous installing >> Makes me nervous installing I drug it in. Uh I drug it in. Uh I drug it in. Uh >> okay. So, uh the other thing that I also >> okay. So, uh the other thing that I also
[03:02:42] >> okay. So, uh the other thing that I also aggressively have my agents do is you aggressively have my agents do is you aggressively have my agents do is you know rubber duck. know rubber duck. know rubber duck. >> So, like basically second opinion with a >> So, like basically second opinion with a >> So, like basically second opinion with a model from a different family. I'm a model from a different family. I'm a model from a different family. I'm using Astra might use Opus or something using Astra might use Opus or something using Astra might use Opus or something like that. Um like that. Um like that. Um I pretty aggressively prompt as part of I pretty aggressively prompt as part of I pretty aggressively prompt as part of this like I don't like when I fire this like I don't like when I fire this like I don't like when I fire something off I want you to self- something off I want you to self- something off I want you to self- validate but I also always ask it to do validate but I also always ask it to do validate but I also always ask it to do adversarial code review. always because adversarial code review. always because adversarial code review. always because that I found myself doing this thing that I found myself doing this thing that I found myself doing this thing where I would jump back into my session where I would jump back into my session where I would jump back into my session and I'm like I don't want to embarrass and I'm like I don't want to embarrass and I'm like I don't want to embarrass myself sending this PR to the team. I
[03:03:12] myself sending this PR to the team. I myself sending this PR to the team. I need to rubber duck this thing right need to rubber duck this thing right need to rubber duck this thing right quick even though quick even though quick even though >> before somebody is like hey >> before somebody is like hey >> before somebody is like hey >> before someone you know a real quote is >> before someone you know a real quote is >> before someone you know a real quote is like yeah like your slop is gonna mess like yeah like your slop is gonna mess like yeah like your slop is gonna mess up our codebase I need to run a rubber up our codebase I need to run a rubber up our codebase I need to run a rubber duck real quick but if you find yourself duck real quick but if you find yourself duck real quick but if you find yourself just constantly being like all right I just constantly being like all right I just constantly being like all right I need to run this command need to run this command need to run this command >> like that's the moment in time when >> like that's the moment in time when >> like that's the moment in time when you're like this thing does actually you're like this thing does actually you're like this thing does actually have to become part of my workflow as an have to become part of my workflow as an have to become part of my workflow as an instruction right so I actually have instruction right so I actually have instruction right so I actually have like literally at the end of every turn like literally at the end of every turn like literally at the end of every turn I want you to run a rubber duck now that I want you to run a rubber duck now that I want you to run a rubber duck now that does reduce the interactivity does reduce the interactivity
[03:03:43] does reduce the interactivity because I'm adding additional length to because I'm adding additional length to because I'm adding additional length to the turn, but it also means that I'm the turn, but it also means that I'm the turn, but it also means that I'm getting like I'm basically saving myself getting like I'm basically saving myself getting like I'm basically saving myself having to come in and manually hit enter having to come in and manually hit enter having to come in and manually hit enter on that prompt. on that prompt. on that prompt. >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> it's just going to happen. >> it's just going to happen. >> it's just going to happen. >> I don't think this is I don't Oh, it's >> I don't think this is I don't Oh, it's >> I don't think this is I don't Oh, it's trying to install all of my extensions. trying to install all of my extensions. trying to install all of my extensions. I don't think this is actually in Edge. I don't think this is actually in Edge. I don't think this is actually in Edge. All right. Um, All right. Um, All right. Um, Chrome Wes forcing me forcing me to download Wes forcing me forcing me to download browsers that I don't want. I have a browsers that I don't want. I have a
[03:04:15] browsers that I don't want. I have a browser. >> It makes me really I must say it does >> It makes me really I must say it does >> It makes me really I must say it does make me really nervous installing make me really nervous installing make me really nervous installing software live on a live stream. software live on a live stream. software live on a live stream. >> I mean, what could go wrong? >> I mean, what could go wrong? >> I mean, what could go wrong? >> I will say, you know, Megan demoed the >> I will say, you know, Megan demoed the >> I will say, you know, Megan demoed the Slack integration earlier, which is Slack integration earlier, which is Slack integration earlier, which is super cool. Um, super cool. Um, super cool. Um, that thing is always fun demoing. like I that thing is always fun demoing. like I that thing is always fun demoing. like I had a customer demo showing that thing had a customer demo showing that thing had a customer demo showing that thing off last week and you're like I probably off last week and you're like I probably off last week and you're like I probably shouldn't show my Slack but I'm going to shouldn't show my Slack but I'm going to shouldn't show my Slack but I'm going to show my Slack. Uh because you know it show my Slack. Uh because you know it show my Slack. Uh because you know it demos best in your actual work demos best in your actual work demos best in your actual work environment, right? environment, right? environment, right? >> Yeah, that's the thing is you got to >> Yeah, that's the thing is you got to >> Yeah, that's the thing is you got to show you have to show you have to show you have to >> if you don't have all the context of how >> if you don't have all the context of how >> if you don't have all the context of how you're normally working then it it's you're normally working then it it's
[03:04:46] you're normally working then it it's kind of a little contrived, right? So kind of a little contrived, right? So kind of a little contrived, right? So you kind of need it to be real. you kind of need it to be real. you kind of need it to be real. >> I mean I'm always somewhat terrified >> I mean I'm always somewhat terrified >> I mean I'm always somewhat terrified whenever I'm demoing anything. But you whenever I'm demoing anything. But you whenever I'm demoing anything. But you and you and me both kind of like to live and you and me both kind of like to live and you and me both kind of like to live on the edge, which I think makes pe you on the edge, which I think makes pe you on the edge, which I think makes pe you know, the very polished people at our know, the very polished people at our know, the very polished people at our company who like very well manicured our company who like very well manicured our company who like very well manicured messages nervous, but like we just messages nervous, but like we just messages nervous, but like we just like to keep it real here. like to keep it real here. like to keep it real here. >> That's that's all we've got. >> That's that's all we've got. >> That's that's all we've got. >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> that's all we've got. All right, we're >> that's all we've got. All right, we're >> that's all we've got. All right, we're going to try this browser. Let me go going to try this browser. Let me go going to try this browser. Let me go back over to YouTube and see if we've back over to YouTube and see if we've back over to YouTube and see if we've got chat can help us out here. Feel like got chat can help us out here. Feel like got chat can help us out here. Feel like chat knows how to fix this. chat knows how to fix this. chat knows how to fix this. >> All right, hold on. It's saying my >> All right, hold on. It's saying my
[03:05:18] >> All right, hold on. It's saying my GitHub simulator might be ready. So, GitHub simulator might be ready. So, GitHub simulator might be ready. So, we're gonna >> Okay, I have to connect to GitHub cohot >> Okay, I have to connect to GitHub cohot CLI. >> Look at this. We got a GitHub app. All >> Look at this. We got a GitHub app. All >> Look at this. We got a GitHub app. All right. So, here's his What is this? right. So, here's his What is this? right. So, here's his What is this? Okay, these are my These are my repos. Okay, these are my These are my repos. Okay, these are my These are my repos. I'm a little nervous to click into I'm a little nervous to click into I'm a little nervous to click into these. Um, these. Um, these. Um, there's the GitHub monolith. Yeah. Um, there's the GitHub monolith. Yeah. Um, there's the GitHub monolith. Yeah. Um, some of these are private repos. Let's some of these are private repos. Let's some of these are private repos. Let's go to a public repo. Um, go to a public repo. Um, go to a public repo. Um, what is a good public repo? I wanted the what is a good public repo? I wanted the
[03:05:48] what is a good public repo? I wanted the West Boss one. Can I go to that? West Boss one. Can I go to that? West Boss one. Can I go to that? No. So, the search isn't working great No. So, the search isn't working great No. So, the search isn't working great here. >> Yeah. So, we're seeing the chat now. >> Yeah. So, we're seeing the chat now. >> Yeah. So, we're seeing the chat now. Sorry. Sorry, chat. Where requires Sorry. Sorry, chat. Where requires Sorry. Sorry, chat. Where requires browser restart. browser restart. browser restart. Which browser? Which browser? Which browser? Edge Canary. Edge Canary. Edge Canary. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> I just I just installed. >> I just I just installed. >> I just I just installed. >> Look at this. I We have a somewhat >> Look at this. I We have a somewhat >> Look at this. I We have a somewhat working GitHub app. Look at this, dude. working GitHub app. Look at this, dude. working GitHub app. Look at this, dude. We got We got this. It's using my O We got We got this. It's using my O We got We got this. It's using my O token from, you know, the GitHub CLI and token from, you know, the GitHub CLI and
[03:06:19] token from, you know, the GitHub CLI and populating data via that. And we have a populating data via that. And we have a populating data via that. And we have a little foldable here. I need to once I little foldable here. I need to once I little foldable here. I need to once I get my co-pilot agent integration in get my co-pilot agent integration in get my co-pilot agent integration in this puppy, I want to be able to like this puppy, I want to be able to like this puppy, I want to be able to like fire this off as a as a something, fire this off as a as a something, fire this off as a as a something, right, for the like one of these issues, right, for the like one of these issues, right, for the like one of these issues, I should be able to just like in the I should be able to just like in the I should be able to just like in the GitHub copilot app be like new session GitHub copilot app be like new session GitHub copilot app be like new session from this issue. from this issue. from this issue. >> Okay. Um, I actually, you know, now that >> Okay. Um, I actually, you know, now that >> Okay. Um, I actually, you know, now that I'm thinking about it, I kind of just I'm thinking about it, I kind of just I'm thinking about it, I kind of just want it to port the GitHub copilot app want it to port the GitHub copilot app want it to port the GitHub copilot app into this simulator. into this simulator. into this simulator. >> Just like point it at the GitHub copilot >> Just like point it at the GitHub copilot >> Just like point it at the GitHub copilot app. >> Yeah. Give it the repo and say literally >> Yeah. Give it the repo and say literally >> Yeah. Give it the repo and say literally port this to the to the simulator. port this to the to the simulator.
[03:06:50] port this to the to the simulator. >> I mean, why not? I'm still trying. >> I mean, why not? I'm still trying. >> I mean, why not? I'm still trying. >> We have a rust backend uh with Tori >> We have a rust backend uh with Tori >> We have a rust backend uh with Tori and then we have a front end that's like and then we have a front end that's like and then we have a front end that's like typical web stack. typical web stack. typical web stack. >> Is that known? >> Is that known? >> Is that known? >> Yep. We talk >> Yep. We talk >> Yep. We talk >> architecture is known. Yeah. >> architecture is known. Yeah. >> architecture is known. Yeah. >> I mean, so like that is a very >> I mean, so like that is a very >> I mean, so like that is a very interesting thing with uh interesting thing with uh interesting thing with uh >> I'm getting yelled at in the chat. All >> I'm getting yelled at in the chat. All >> I'm getting yelled at in the chat. All right. >> What are you getting yelled at about? >> What are you getting yelled at about? >> What are you getting yelled at about? >> Uh because I keep trying to do it in >> Uh because I keep trying to do it in >> Uh because I keep trying to do it in Edge and Wes is like it's people are Edge and Wes is like it's people are Edge and Wes is like it's people are like it's in Edge. It's been there for a like it's in Edge. It's been there for a like it's in Edge. It's been there for a long time. Wes is like it's not on Edge. long time. Wes is like it's not on Edge. long time. Wes is like it's not on Edge. In all caps. All right. In all caps. All right.
[03:07:20] In all caps. All right. We're gonna make it. Hold on. We're gonna make it. Hold on. We're gonna make it. Hold on. >> We're doing our best here. So, I'm also interested in what's going So, I'm also interested in what's going on here. I'm on here. I'm on here. I'm >> finally reach out. I'm doing the best I >> finally reach out. I'm doing the best I >> finally reach out. I'm doing the best I can. I'm not the best multitasker. can. I'm not the best multitasker. can. I'm not the best multitasker. Oh my gosh. Stay signed out, please. Oh my gosh. Stay signed out, please. Oh my gosh. Stay signed out, please. Just just I just want to run the Just just I just want to run the Just just I just want to run the thing. >> I got to see what kind of code we're >> I got to see what kind of code we're >> I got to see what kind of code we're working with here. I need to look under working with here. I need to look under working with here. I need to look under the hood. I'm in VS Code. the hood. I'm in VS Code. the hood. I'm in VS Code. >> Oh, my computer's just barely running. >> Oh, my computer's just barely running. >> Oh, my computer's just barely running. >> I like literally It's getting hot in >> I like literally It's getting hot in
[03:07:50] >> I like literally It's getting hot in here. >> There it is. It's right there. Okay. >> There it is. It's right there. Okay. >> There it is. It's right there. Okay. >> It was lit. Wait, it was itch. Oh, this >> It was lit. Wait, it was itch. Oh, this >> It was lit. Wait, it was itch. Oh, this Chrome. >> No, this is Chrome. So, relaunch. All >> No, this is Chrome. So, relaunch. All >> No, this is Chrome. So, relaunch. All right. Any Chrome. I got it. I got it. right. Any Chrome. I got it. I got it. right. Any Chrome. I got it. I got it. Thank you, Wes. Um, I Thank you, Wes. Um, I Thank you, Wes. Um, I >> feel like Wes is yelling at me. Um, >> feel like Wes is yelling at me. Um, >> feel like Wes is yelling at me. Um, okay. Now, okay. Now, okay. Now, now, now. Where did it go? So, let's grab this here. What? I don't So, let's grab this here. What? I don't understand what I need this for. It was understand what I need this for. It was understand what I need this for. It was working just fine. working just fine.
[03:08:20] working just fine. >> What? I think it I don't know. Wes >> What? I think it I don't know. Wes >> What? I think it I don't know. Wes can tell us in the chat the specific can tell us in the chat the specific can tell us in the chat the specific purpose. >> I think we weren't getting full 3D >> I think we weren't getting full 3D >> I think we weren't getting full 3D rendering. >> Is that what it is? >> Is that what it is? >> Is that what it is? >> But I'm not sure. >> But I'm not sure. >> But I'm not sure. >> Look at that. >> Look at that. >> Look at that. >> Looks pretty. >> Looks pretty. >> Looks pretty. >> That's actually pretty smooth. >> That's actually pretty smooth. >> That's actually pretty smooth. >> We turn on hiding in this dock here. >> We turn on hiding in this dock here. >> We turn on hiding in this dock here. >> Um, turn hiding on. >> Um, turn hiding on. >> Um, turn hiding on. >> Perfect. All right. >> Perfect. All right. >> Perfect. All right. >> Full screen that puppy. >> Full screen that puppy. >> Full screen that puppy. >> Boom. >> Boom. >> Boom. Um. All right. So, there we go for 3D. Um. All right. So, there we go for 3D.
[03:08:50] Um. All right. So, there we go for 3D. Scroll down here to our little bit of Scroll down here to our little bit of Scroll down here to our little bit of cheese here to the apps. cheese here to the apps. cheese here to the apps. App preview. Oh my gosh, we have so App preview. Oh my gosh, we have so App preview. Oh my gosh, we have so many. We have books. We have a calendar. many. We have books. We have a calendar. many. We have books. We have a calendar. The calendar works. Wait, when is this The calendar works. Wait, when is this The calendar works. Wait, when is this thing come out? It's like October the thing come out? It's like October the thing come out? It's like October the 16th or something. 16th or something. 16th or something. >> You know, I couldn't decide if I was >> You know, I couldn't decide if I was >> You know, I couldn't decide if I was going to order one, but I think I am going to order one, but I think I am going to order one, but I think I am now. >> Are you? >> Are you? >> Are you? >> No free ads. I think I am going to order >> No free ads. I think I am going to order >> No free ads. I think I am going to order one. >> Pre-order maybe. Start event. Save event. We've got one.
[03:09:23] Start event. Save event. We've got one. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay, so that's calendar. Um, clips. >> Okay, so that's calendar. Um, clips. >> Okay, so that's calendar. Um, clips. What is clips? What is clips? What is clips? >> I have no idea. There's so many >> I have no idea. There's so many >> I have no idea. There's so many pre-installed things now. I don't know pre-installed things now. I don't know pre-installed things now. I don't know what they do. >> Wait, the chat dialogue is killing me. >> Wait, the chat dialogue is killing me. So, make the chat show on the phone. Oh, So, make the chat show on the phone. Oh, So, make the chat show on the phone. Oh, okay. I like that idea. Um, okay. I like that idea. Um, okay. I like that idea. Um, >> how I don't even know what to ask for >> how I don't even know what to ask for >> how I don't even know what to ask for there. All right, hold on. Um, how would there. All right, hold on. Um, how would there. All right, hold on. Um, how would how would I how would me this is how would I how would me this is how would I how would me this is interesting because the chat is in interesting because the chat is in
[03:09:53] interesting because the chat is in YouTube. So, let me just do it like YouTube. So, let me just do it like YouTube. So, let me just do it like this. Yeah, I would do it like this. We're doing a live stream and there is a We're doing a live stream and there is a chat that I keep having to pop out. Um, chat that I keep having to pop out. Um, chat that I keep having to pop out. Um, it's on the GitHub live stream. The it's on the GitHub live stream. The it's on the GitHub live stream. The channel is youtube.com/github. channel is youtube.com/github. channel is youtube.com/github. It's a live it's live right now. Can you It's a live it's live right now. Can you It's a live it's live right now. Can you help me get that chat just here in this help me get that chat just here in this help me get that chat just here in this application so we can have the chat in application so we can have the chat in application so we can have the chat in the application with us instead of the application with us instead of the application with us instead of the popped out chat? the popped out chat?
[03:10:23] the popped out chat? >> Wait, Burke, my let's swap over to >> Wait, Burke, my let's swap over to >> Wait, Burke, my let's swap over to me. Wait, am I going to be able to No, me. Wait, am I going to be able to No, me. Wait, am I going to be able to No, it's not going to show the comments. it's not going to show the comments. it's not going to show the comments. >> Oh, no. >> Oh, no. >> Oh, no. >> No, wait. Will it show the comments? >> No, wait. Will it show the comments? >> No, wait. Will it show the comments? It's a little laggy. I'm not sure I'm in It's a little laggy. I'm not sure I'm in It's a little laggy. I'm not sure I'm in love with this how we're rendering this, love with this how we're rendering this, love with this how we're rendering this, by the way. Okay. Yeah, it's not going by the way. Okay. Yeah, it's not going by the way. Okay. Yeah, it's not going to let me open. Do I have to sign in? Is to let me open. Do I have to sign in? Is to let me open. Do I have to sign in? Is that why I can't open the live chat? that why I can't open the live chat? that why I can't open the live chat? because my Chromium browser has been because my Chromium browser has been because my Chromium browser has been implemented now. implemented now. implemented now. >> Yeah, you do need to sign in. Can't chat >> Yeah, you do need to sign in. Can't chat >> Yeah, you do need to sign in. Can't chat if you're not signed in. if you're not signed in. if you're not signed in. >> I'll do that real quick. Probably should >> I'll do that real quick. Probably should >> I'll do that real quick. Probably should take my screen off the live stream, but take my screen off the live stream, but take my screen off the live stream, but we have we have our Chromium browser we have we have our Chromium browser
[03:10:53] we have we have our Chromium browser now. So, maybe I can actually be the now. So, maybe I can actually be the now. So, maybe I can actually be the workaround for this because we have workaround for this because we have workaround for this because we have Chromium working in this Duo simulator. Chromium working in this Duo simulator. Chromium working in this Duo simulator. I still don't understand what we need I still don't understand what we need I still don't understand what we need Chrome for. It works fine right here. Chrome for. It works fine right here. Chrome for. It works fine right here. >> What are we doing? Why do I need that? >> What are we doing? Why do I need that? >> What are we doing? Why do I need that? All right. What else do we have? We have All right. What else do we have? We have All right. What else do we have? We have the compass. >> Is it Is it actually compassing? >> Is it Is it actually compassing? >> There's like a manual. >> There's like a manual.
[03:11:23] >> There's like a manual. >> Well, there's a browser API for Compass, >> Well, there's a browser API for Compass, >> Well, there's a browser API for Compass, isn't there, chat? There's a browser API isn't there, chat? There's a browser API isn't there, chat? There's a browser API for Compass. for Compass. for Compass. >> Let me see here. >> Let me see here. >> Let me see here. Um, I did, didn't I restart Chrome? I did. I did, didn't I restart Chrome? I did. I did, didn't I restart Chrome? I did. It asked me. It asked me. It asked me. I don't understand, I don't understand, I don't understand, Wes. I don't understand what's supposed Wes. I don't understand what's supposed Wes. I don't understand what's supposed to be working that's not working. It to be working that's not working. It to be working that's not working. It looks like it's working to me. looks like it's working to me. looks like it's working to me. The split screen. What? Let's bring it back up. HTML canvas
[03:11:59] Let's bring it back up. HTML canvas remembers the apps on the 3D model. Oh, remembers the apps on the 3D model. Oh, remembers the apps on the 3D model. Oh, is that that's how it's supposed to is that that's how it's supposed to is that that's how it's supposed to work? Like they're it's supposed to work? Like they're it's supposed to work? Like they're it's supposed to render here. render here. render here. >> Uh yeah, I think that's what he's >> Uh yeah, I think that's what he's >> Uh yeah, I think that's what he's saying. Like it saying. Like it saying. Like it >> Oh, so you can see them. >> Oh, so you can see them. >> Oh, so you can see them. >> So wait, so pull up one of these apps. I >> So wait, so pull up one of these apps. I >> So wait, so pull up one of these apps. I want to I want to see this. >> Well, which app? How do I pull up an >> Well, which app? How do I pull up an app? >> Wait, do you not have the app button >> Wait, do you not have the app button >> Wait, do you not have the app button still? No. still? No. still? No. >> Yeah, but then that takes us over here >> Yeah, but then that takes us over here
[03:12:30] >> Yeah, but then that takes us over here to the preview. to the preview. to the preview. >> That's But I saw Wes doing it. There has >> That's But I saw Wes doing it. There has >> That's But I saw Wes doing it. There has to be. All right, Wes. Phone a friend to be. All right, Wes. Phone a friend to be. All right, Wes. Phone a friend again. Wes, what do I do? >> What do I do? >> What do I do? >> Wes was only supposed to be here for 20 >> Wes was only supposed to be here for 20 >> Wes was only supposed to be here for 20 minutes. We want those appear. Yes. Okay. We want those appear. Yes. Okay. We want those appear. Yes. Okay. Showing apps on the device directly. Showing apps on the device directly. Showing apps on the device directly. Yes. Okay. Perfect. Why is Yes. Okay. Perfect. Why is Yes. Okay. Perfect. Why is that not working? It's right here, that not working? It's right here, that not working? It's right here, man. Now I don't know how to get back to the Now I don't know how to get back to the Now I don't know how to get back to the device with the Chrome reset.
[03:13:00] device with the Chrome reset. device with the Chrome reset. No display on off. On. No display on off. On. No display on off. On. front rear perspective. front rear perspective. front rear perspective. Refresh. There we go. It's back. Um I don't know. It's still trying to implement all these It's still trying to implement all these freaking apps. So, I'm going to do this freaking apps. So, I'm going to do this freaking apps. So, I'm going to do this one. Stop. Just stop. Stop and discard. one. Stop. Just stop. Stop and discard. one. Stop. Just stop. Stop and discard. Okay. Get That's enough app. That's Okay. Get That's enough app. That's
[03:13:32] Okay. Get That's enough app. That's enough apps, bro. Too many apps now. enough apps, bro. Too many apps now. enough apps, bro. Too many apps now. >> Please stop. Uh, instead, >> Please stop. Uh, instead, >> Please stop. Uh, instead, can you make sure that the apps render can you make sure that the apps render can you make sure that the apps render on the 3D model? Uh, Wes said to turn on the 3D model? Uh, Wes said to turn on the 3D model? Uh, Wes said to turn on the HTML in canvas, which I did, the HTML in canvas, which I did, the HTML in canvas, which I did, but uh, I can't. I don't know. Okay. Um, but uh, I can't. I don't know. Okay. Um, but uh, I can't. I don't know. Okay. Um, maybe chat's over here. Swipe. Honestly, y'all, I have no clue. Like,
[03:14:06] Honestly, y'all, I have no clue. Like, no, this just no, this just no, this just >> No, because if you swipe, it's just >> No, because if you swipe, it's just >> No, because if you swipe, it's just changing the changing the changing the >> And there it's not showing here either. >> And there it's not showing here either. >> And there it's not showing here either. I assume this is a schematic. That's not I assume this is a schematic. That's not I assume this is a schematic. That's not even build on a new point of view. D. It's build on a new point of view. D. It's not over here, is it? not over here, is it? not over here, is it? >> Uh, >> Uh, >> Uh, >> no, no. >> no, no. >> no, no. >> How can I run apps in the 3D mode, not >> How can I run apps in the 3D mode, not >> How can I run apps in the 3D mode, not the app preview mode? Astra's on the case. Don't you worry
[03:14:39] Astra's on the case. Don't you worry about it. The simulator tabs. Uh, Google about it. The simulator tabs. Uh, Google about it. The simulator tabs. Uh, Google Chrome. I'll stop adding apps and focus on the I'll stop adding apps and focus on the I'll stop adding apps and focus on the 3D display. 3D display. 3D display. Oh, yeah. Computer use. It's gonna try Oh, yeah. Computer use. It's gonna try Oh, yeah. Computer use. It's gonna try to It's going to look at my to It's going to look at my to It's going to look at my It basically it just remember that what It basically it just remember that what It basically it just remember that what was there was a skit. remember the old was there was a skit. remember the old was there was a skit. remember the old skid chat where there was like a I don't skid chat where there was like a I don't skid chat where there was like a I don't know maybe I'm dating myself here but know maybe I'm dating myself here but know maybe I'm dating myself here but there's this old like tech support would there's this old like tech support would there's this old like tech support would come in I think it was SNL and they'd be come in I think it was SNL and they'd be
[03:15:09] come in I think it was SNL and they'd be the person would be sitting at the person would be sitting at the person would be sitting at the computer like standing over their computer like standing over their computer like standing over their shoulder you know and they'd be like shoulder you know and they'd be like shoulder you know and they'd be like well like I'm trying to print and won't well like I'm trying to print and won't well like I'm trying to print and won't print and he'd be like he'd go move print and he'd be like he'd go move print and he'd be like he'd go move and then you know they move out of the and then you know they move out of the and then you know they move out of the way he get in I feel like that's the way he get in I feel like that's the way he get in I feel like that's the agent's like move um so it's my agent is saying if you do um so it's my agent is saying if you do you see a use apps like dot control F. you see a use apps like dot control F. you see a use apps like dot control F. Use apps. You should see this on this Use apps. You should see this on this Use apps. You should see this on this view. >> Control F. >> Control F. >> Control F. >> Command F. Sorry. >> Command F. Sorry. >> Command F. Sorry. >> As in like search. >> As in like search. >> As in like search. >> Yeah, we're looking for literally the >> Yeah, we're looking for literally the >> Yeah, we're looking for literally the UI. Okay. You don't have it. UI. Okay. You don't have it. UI. Okay. You don't have it. Interesting.
[03:15:39] Interesting. >> Very interesting. >> Very interesting. >> Very interesting. >> There's an apps preview. >> There's an apps preview. >> There's an apps preview. >> No, it says it says confirm the button >> No, it says it says confirm the button >> No, it says it says confirm the button reads use apps, not apps preview. The app Okay. The app autod detects The app Okay. The app autod detects whether your browser exposes the whether your browser exposes the whether your browser exposes the experimental HTML and canvas APIs. When experimental HTML and canvas APIs. When experimental HTML and canvas APIs. When they're not present, it shows use apps. they're not present, it shows use apps. they're not present, it shows use apps. Maybe you needed to restart your Chrome Maybe you needed to restart your Chrome Maybe you needed to restart your Chrome after you enabled that setting. Did you after you enabled that setting. Did you after you enabled that setting. Did you do that? do that? do that? >> I went here. I did this. Did canvas draw >> I went here. I did this. Did canvas draw >> I went here. I did this. Did canvas draw element. This that's a different one. element. This that's a different one. element. This that's a different one. Hold on. Hold on.
[03:16:09] Hold on. >> Well, that would explain why we're >> Well, that would explain why we're >> Well, that would explain why we're because the app is basically not because the app is basically not because the app is basically not presenting the option because we presenting the option because we presenting the option because we haven't enabled the right setting. haven't enabled the right setting. haven't enabled the right setting. >> Hold on. We got this. We can figure this >> Hold on. We got this. We can figure this >> Hold on. We got this. We can figure this out. We're smart. We have unlimited AI out. We're smart. We have unlimited AI out. We're smart. We have unlimited AI enabled. It says enabled. It says enabled. It says enabled. >> Okay, just reboot Chrome. >> Okay, just reboot Chrome. >> Okay, just reboot Chrome. >> I've rebooted Chrome like four times. >> I've rebooted Chrome like four times. >> I've rebooted Chrome like four times. >> I mean, that's my typical advice as a >> I mean, that's my typical advice as a >> I mean, that's my typical advice as a fellow developer. Reboot it again. fellow developer. Reboot it again. fellow developer. Reboot it again. >> Always be rebooting. Um, all right. Let's see. Um, all right. Let's see. >> Use Chrome Canary with the flag enabled. >> Use Chrome Canary with the flag enabled.
[03:16:41] >> Use Chrome Canary with the flag enabled. Now once it Now I got to I have to Now once it Now I got to I have to Now once it Now I got to I have to download yet another browser. Currently 3D model displays. Currently 3D model displays. Read the top of the screen where you see Read the top of the screen where you see Read the top of the screen where you see the apps. Okay, hold on chat. Pull up Chrome. Okay, hold on chat. Pull up Chrome. Um, >> let's grab our URL, paste it in, copy,
[03:17:12] >> let's grab our URL, paste it in, copy, paste. >> So on my side, where am I at? So, >> So on my side, where am I at? So, >> So on my side, where am I at? So, the GitHub app, I've just told it the GitHub app, I've just told it the GitHub app, I've just told it that I want the theming to actually that I want the theming to actually that I want the theming to actually reflect GitHub. Uh, so we're working on reflect GitHub. Uh, so we're working on reflect GitHub. Uh, so we're working on that. That doesn't look like it's that. That doesn't look like it's that. That doesn't look like it's working at all. Uh, I just saw that out working at all. Uh, I just saw that out working at all. Uh, I just saw that out of the corner of my eye. Um, of the corner of my eye. Um, of the corner of my eye. Um, >> uh, bro, >> uh, bro, >> uh, bro, >> my co-pilot like building a >> my co-pilot like building a >> my co-pilot like building a co-pilot agent control plane for this co-pilot agent control plane for this co-pilot agent control plane for this thing has been cooking for 33 minutes thing has been cooking for 33 minutes
[03:17:43] thing has been cooking for 33 minutes without my intervention. So, without my intervention. So, without my intervention. So, >> what is it doing? Uh on my side or your >> what is it doing? Uh on my side or your >> what is it doing? Uh on my side or your side? >> On your side. This is I'm getting this >> On your side. This is I'm getting this >> On your side. This is I'm getting this is what is this? is what is this? is what is this? >> It went it got copilot SDK. It built a >> It went it got copilot SDK. It built a >> It went it got copilot SDK. It built a UI around it. Uh I assume it's figured UI around it. Uh I assume it's figured UI around it. Uh I assume it's figured out how to like get my co-pilot token out how to like get my co-pilot token out how to like get my co-pilot token and uh and yeah, like we'll see if I can and uh and yeah, like we'll see if I can and uh and yeah, like we'll see if I can actually kick off agents from that from actually kick off agents from that from actually kick off agents from that from that thing. that thing. that thing. >> And this is >> Yeah, I don't get it. I don't understand
[03:18:17] >> Yeah, I don't get it. I don't understand what we're supposed to be doing. what we're supposed to be doing. what we're supposed to be doing. I don't understand the assignment. I can I don't understand the assignment. I can I don't understand the assignment. I can change the background color. change the background color. change the background color. Um, okay. We did this. Okay. Now, now Um, okay. We did this. Okay. Now, now Um, okay. We did this. Okay. Now, now the apps screen is flickering pretty bad the apps screen is flickering pretty bad the apps screen is flickering pretty bad in Chrome. in Chrome. in Chrome. Send that off here. >> So, are all of your sub agents done now >> So, are all of your sub agents done now or you just killed them? or you just killed them? or you just killed them? >> I killed them. I mean, it did. It's >> I killed them. I mean, it did. It's >> I killed them. I mean, it did. It's imple It says it's implemented all these imple It says it's implemented all these imple It says it's implemented all these things. My guess is it's implemented things. My guess is it's implemented
[03:18:48] things. My guess is it's implemented like a minimal UI for all these things. a minimal UI for all these things. a minimal UI for all these things. >> What's wrong? >> What's wrong? >> What's wrong? >> Oh, sorry. More batteries for the mic. >> Oh, sorry. More batteries for the mic. >> Oh, sorry. More batteries for the mic. Okay, let's see here. Yeah, my guess. Oh, I'll trace the Yeah, my guess. Oh, I'll trace the render timing and texture updates. The render timing and texture updates. The render timing and texture updates. The app currently draws from both the app currently draws from both the app currently draws from both the animation loop and the HTML and canvas animation loop and the HTML and canvas animation loop and the HTML and canvas paint event. paint event. paint event. So, it took a screenshot. So, it took a screenshot. So, it took a screenshot. Oh, this is computer use. >> Yeah, it's using Chrome. Okay.
[03:19:23] >> Yeah, it's using Chrome. Okay. Interesting. All right. Well, I'm just Interesting. All right. Well, I'm just Interesting. All right. Well, I'm just going to let it going to let it going to let it >> do it thing. You need the battery >> do it thing. You need the battery >> do it thing. You need the battery pack. >> Yeah. On my side, uh you know, the >> Yeah. On my side, uh you know, the >> Yeah. On my side, uh you know, the built-in uh shared browser over here, uh built-in uh shared browser over here, uh built-in uh shared browser over here, uh and the agent is actually going through and the agent is actually going through and the agent is actually going through and it's trying to validate. I was and it's trying to validate. I was and it's trying to validate. I was trying to pull up the uh the signin uh trying to pull up the uh the signin uh trying to pull up the uh the signin uh on YouTube, but apparently the way that on YouTube, but apparently the way that on YouTube, but apparently the way that we've implemented this thing uh Google we've implemented this thing uh Google we've implemented this thing uh Google thinks the browser is not secure. So I thinks the browser is not secure. So I thinks the browser is not secure. So I need to we're working on a mitigation need to we're working on a mitigation need to we're working on a mitigation technique. Um technique. Um
[03:19:55] technique. Um so we will have to kick back to the real so we will have to kick back to the real so we will have to kick back to the real browser for now. Uh but then I should be browser for now. Uh but then I should be browser for now. Uh but then I should be able to get chat onto this thing. So able to get chat onto this thing. So able to get chat onto this thing. So >> So what's wrong with yours? >> So what's wrong with yours? >> So what's wrong with yours? >> So the browser actually works. we're >> So the browser actually works. we're >> So the browser actually works. we're using Chromium, but signing into apps, using Chromium, but signing into apps, using Chromium, but signing into apps, it's like this is a malicious thing it's like this is a malicious thing it's like this is a malicious thing because I guess I'm just running because I guess I'm just running because I guess I'm just running Chromium with with, you know, nothing Chromium with with, you know, nothing Chromium with with, you know, nothing else that doesn't recognize it. And so else that doesn't recognize it. And so else that doesn't recognize it. And so it's getting flagged when I try to log it's getting flagged when I try to log it's getting flagged when I try to log in. And so, um, basically like I wanted in. And so, um, basically like I wanted in. And so, um, basically like I wanted to pull up the chat like someone in chat to pull up the chat like someone in chat to pull up the chat like someone in chat said, but I can't do that because I said, but I can't do that because I said, but I can't do that because I can't log in and you can't see the chat can't log in and you can't see the chat
[03:20:25] can't log in and you can't see the chat unless you log in. And so now I'm going unless you log in. And so now I'm going unless you log in. And so now I'm going to see like open in browser. to see like open in browser. to see like open in browser. Okay. Yes. GitHub copot day. Okay. Yes. GitHub copot day. Okay. Yes. GitHub copot day. >> Oh, dude, it's writing code. What? What >> Oh, dude, it's writing code. What? What >> Oh, dude, it's writing code. What? What is it doing? >> What's it doing? It's writing code in >> What's it doing? It's writing code in the console the console the console >> to test what's going on here. Very >> to test what's going on here. Very >> to test what's going on here. Very interesting. >> Um, what was I trying to do? >> Um, what was I trying to do? >> I mean, I do I hate to be hyperbolic, >> I mean, I do I hate to be hyperbolic, >> I mean, I do I hate to be hyperbolic, but I do sometimes feel like this is but I do sometimes feel like this is
[03:20:55] but I do sometimes feel like this is AGI. It's like I I'm not even doing AGI. It's like I I'm not even doing AGI. It's like I I'm not even doing anything now. anything now. anything now. It's just driving the browser. It's just driving the browser. It's just driving the browser. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> What am I supposed to do? Wait, this No, >> What am I supposed to do? Wait, this No, >> What am I supposed to do? Wait, this No, this is the GitHub one. I wanted the this is the GitHub one. I wanted the this is the GitHub one. I wanted the I don't want that. I want I don't want that. I want I don't want that. I want What is my job exactly? Found it. Chrome What is my job exactly? Found it. Chrome What is my job exactly? Found it. Chrome is using the fallback apps preview and is using the fallback apps preview and is using the fallback apps preview and that dialog is stuck in a resize. Okay, that dialog is stuck in a resize. Okay, that dialog is stuck in a resize. Okay, perfect. I'll stabilize it. >> Okay. The only thing that, you know, the
[03:21:29] >> Okay. The only thing that, you know, the agents do still kind of get tripped up agents do still kind of get tripped up agents do still kind of get tripped up on is like if you're running multiple on is like if you're running multiple on is like if you're running multiple things at once, like the ports and all things at once, like the ports and all things at once, like the ports and all that, like it does sometimes get that, like it does sometimes get that, like it does sometimes get tripped up on that because when I open tripped up on that because when I open tripped up on that because when I open in browser from my from my session here, in browser from my from my session here, in browser from my from my session here, it actually opens it does open the it actually opens it does open the it actually opens it does open the browser to the simulator, but it's the browser to the simulator, but it's the browser to the simulator, but it's the running simulator from a different work running simulator from a different work running simulator from a different work tree. So, tree. So, tree. So, while I get the isolation of my code, while I get the isolation of my code, while I get the isolation of my code, the processes do tend to get a little the processes do tend to get a little the processes do tend to get a little garbled up sometimes. There's another garbled up sometimes. There's another garbled up sometimes. There's another one I didn't enable. And whoever in the one I didn't enable. And whoever in the
[03:21:59] one I didn't enable. And whoever in the chats was like, "Dude, read the top of chats was like, "Dude, read the top of chats was like, "Dude, read the top of the It says right here. It literally says It says right here. It literally says It says right here. It literally says right here, make sure that you have right here, make sure that you have right here, make sure that you have these two features enabled and then these two features enabled and then these two features enabled and then restart Chrome." Okay, I think I've got restart Chrome." Okay, I think I've got restart Chrome." Okay, I think I've got both of those. both of those. both of those. >> We're developers, man. We don't read. >> We're developers, man. We don't read. >> We're developers, man. We don't read. >> Yeah, we don't read. >> Yeah, we don't read. >> Yeah, we don't read. >> I will never read your docs. >> I will never read your docs. >> I will never read your docs. >> All right, we are listening to you. >> All right, we are listening to you. >> All right, we are listening to you. We're doing the best we can. We're doing the best we can. We're doing the best we can. Um, hugging face attack in progress. hugging face attack in progress.
[03:22:30] hugging face attack in progress. All right. Uh, All right. Uh, All right. Uh, it's gonna work now. I'm I have medium it's gonna work now. I'm I have medium it's gonna work now. I'm I have medium to low confidence. Here we go. Copy to low confidence. Here we go. Copy to low confidence. Here we go. Copy link. Gosh. Still not working. It's supposed to be Still not working. It's supposed to be Still not working. It's supposed to be here. Isn't it just supposed to be right here. Isn't it just supposed to be right here. Isn't it just supposed to be right here? is what's supposed to be where is what's supposed to be where is what's supposed to be where >> the app where they supposed to show up. >> the app where they supposed to show up. >> the app where they supposed to show up. >> It's not supposed to show apps preview. >> It's not supposed to show apps preview. >> It's not supposed to show apps preview. Um
[03:23:01] Um >> they should just be here on the phone. >> they should just be here on the phone. >> they should just be here on the phone. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> All right. So, I did I do this one? >> All right. So, I did I do this one? >> All right. So, I did I do this one? Draw element and Draw element and Draw element and >> okay, >> okay, >> okay, >> experimental web platform features. Let >> experimental web platform features. Let >> experimental web platform features. Let me check this one. Yes, that's enabled. me check this one. Yes, that's enabled. me check this one. Yes, that's enabled. The other one's enabled. right here. This chit check. No, I don't right here. This chit check. No, I don't want to spell check that word. Check this out.
[03:23:34] Check this out. Both of those these are both enabled Both of those these are both enabled Both of those these are both enabled now. Now what chat? Um, Now what chat? Um, Now what chat? Um, actually it's not working in my It's actually it's not working in my It's actually it's not working in my It's only Chrome Canary. >> I made a joke at the top. I said, "The >> I made a joke at the top. I said, "The hardest part's going to be getting this hardest part's going to be getting this hardest part's going to be getting this thing enabled." And I wasn't kidding. thing enabled." And I wasn't kidding. thing enabled." And I wasn't kidding. >> I was very serious when I said that. >> I was very serious when I said that. >> I was very serious when I said that. >> I've downloaded two browsers in the last >> I've downloaded two browsers in the last >> I've downloaded two browsers in the last 25 minutes. 25 minutes. 25 minutes. Can someone catch me up on what's going Can someone catch me up on what's going
[03:24:04] Can someone catch me up on what's going on? No. No one knows. That's the on? No. No one knows. That's the on? No. No one knows. That's the problem. We need to install other problem. We need to install other problem. We need to install other browsers. All right, hold on. browsers. All right, hold on. browsers. All right, hold on. >> So, yeah, if you're if you are just >> So, yeah, if you're if you are just >> So, yeah, if you're if you are just jumping in, we have been given a task by jumping in, we have been given a task by jumping in, we have been given a task by Wes. Um, he has this uh iPhone Duo Wes. Um, he has this uh iPhone Duo Wes. Um, he has this uh iPhone Duo simulator thing he's built and he's simulator thing he's built and he's simulator thing he's built and he's challenged us to populate this thing challenged us to populate this thing challenged us to populate this thing with some apps. And so, Burke went and with some apps. And so, Burke went and with some apps. And so, Burke went and asked uh asked GitHub Copilot app to go asked uh asked GitHub Copilot app to go asked uh asked GitHub Copilot app to go in basically spin up 50 sub agents and in basically spin up 50 sub agents and in basically spin up 50 sub agents and go do the thing. Um, I have a couple go do the thing. Um, I have a couple go do the thing. Um, I have a couple things like the browser, a GitHub app, things like the browser, a GitHub app,
[03:24:35] things like the browser, a GitHub app, and also like a GitHub copilot app for and also like a GitHub copilot app for and also like a GitHub copilot app for this Duo device that I'm working on. Um, this Duo device that I'm working on. Um, this Duo device that I'm working on. Um, and right now I'm struggling with like and right now I'm struggling with like and right now I'm struggling with like in general the interaction pattern of, in general the interaction pattern of, in general the interaction pattern of, you know, this Chromium experience that you know, this Chromium experience that you know, this Chromium experience that we have here. It's, as you can see, not we have here. It's, as you can see, not we have here. It's, as you can see, not very buttery smooth. Um, very buttery smooth. Um, very buttery smooth. Um, >> that's a hard problem to solve, though. >> that's a hard problem to solve, though. >> that's a hard problem to solve, though. >> It is a very, very hard problem to >> It is a very, very hard problem to >> It is a very, very hard problem to solve. >> Just ask the AI what the layout should >> Just ask the AI what the layout should >> Just ask the AI what the layout should be. >> It's not even just the layout. It's like >> It's not even just the layout. It's like >> It's not even just the layout. It's like I mean I'm going to ask it about the I mean I'm going to ask it about the I mean I'm going to ask it about the performance and say the performance is performance and say the performance is performance and say the performance is not very good. You need to you need to not very good. You need to you need to
[03:25:05] not very good. You need to you need to make the performance characteristics make the performance characteristics make the performance characteristics better. But it's not even just that. better. But it's not even just that. better. But it's not even just that. It's like It's like It's like >> there's all kinds of weirdness going on >> there's all kinds of weirdness going on >> there's all kinds of weirdness going on here with like accounts and things like here with like accounts and things like here with like accounts and things like that. So I need to go back and that. So I need to go back and that. So I need to go back and >> uh No, not Edge Canary. Chrome Canary Wes. No, not Edge Canary. Chrome Canary Wes. There's like 30 browsers on my computer There's like 30 browsers on my computer There's like 30 browsers on my computer now. a canary. now. a canary. now. a canary. I can't I can't spell. Um, so, um,
[03:25:55] Um, so, um, >> I don't have anything on my phone. >> I don't have anything on my phone. >> I don't have anything on my phone. What's he talking about? What's he talking about? What's he talking about? >> Check your Slack, man. Teams, >> Check your Slack, man. Teams, >> Check your Slack, man. Teams, >> hold on. I'm going into >> hold on. I'm going into >> hold on. I'm going into >> I'm going into Chrome Canary here. >> I'm going into Chrome Canary here. >> I'm going into Chrome Canary here. Google Chrome Canary. Okay, here we go. Google Chrome Canary. Okay, here we go. Google Chrome Canary. Okay, here we go. Get this working. Where are you at? What Get this working. Where are you at? What Get this working. Where are you at? What are you doing? What are you doing? are you doing? What are you doing? are you doing? What are you doing? >> Um, so I am We are here. Let me go full >> Um, so I am We are here. Let me go full >> Um, so I am We are here. Let me go full screen here. Um, so I am I'm working on screen here. Um, so I am I'm working on screen here. Um, so I am I'm working on a couple apps right now. So, where's a couple apps right now. So, where's a couple apps right now. So, where's that apps preview thing? Um, apps that apps preview thing? Um, apps that apps preview thing? Um, apps preview. GitHub. So, uh, we kind of have preview. GitHub. So, uh, we kind of have
[03:26:28] preview. GitHub. So, uh, we kind of have a GitHub viewer here on, as you can see a GitHub viewer here on, as you can see a GitHub viewer here on, as you can see here, we've reskinned this to basically here, we've reskinned this to basically here, we've reskinned this to basically be similar to github.com in terms of its be similar to github.com in terms of its be similar to github.com in terms of its theming. I got a little dark mode here. theming. I got a little dark mode here. theming. I got a little dark mode here. Um, so I can come in here. I can browse Um, so I can come in here. I can browse Um, so I can come in here. I can browse repositories. Let's see if I have any repositories. Let's see if I have any repositories. Let's see if I have any fun one on Pierce Bogen and see if that fun one on Pierce Bogen and see if that fun one on Pierce Bogen and see if that works. Pierce Bogen coloring book. I works. Pierce Bogen coloring book. I works. Pierce Bogen coloring book. I like my coloring book app. like my coloring book app. like my coloring book app. Click on that Click on that Click on that and see I got all my issues here. So, and see I got all my issues here. So, and see I got all my issues here. So, got some bugs I need to go address. got some bugs I need to go address. got some bugs I need to go address. Looks like the markdown's not rendering Looks like the markdown's not rendering
[03:26:58] Looks like the markdown's not rendering in the issue. So, let's have the in the issue. So, let's have the in the issue. So, let's have the agent fix that. But, this is looking agent fix that. But, this is looking agent fix that. But, this is looking pretty good. I got a an actual GitHub pretty good. I got a an actual GitHub pretty good. I got a an actual GitHub app running on this Duo device right app running on this Duo device right app running on this Duo device right here. Um, I can come in, I can browse here. Um, I can come in, I can browse here. Um, I can come in, I can browse repos, I can look at all my issues. Do repos, I can look at all my issues. Do repos, I can look at all my issues. Do we have any active pull requests? Yeah, we have any active pull requests? Yeah, we have any active pull requests? Yeah, we got a couple active pull requests we got a couple active pull requests we got a couple active pull requests here. You can see we have very here. You can see we have very here. You can see we have very actionable ones like hi. Um and so uh actionable ones like hi. Um and so uh actionable ones like hi. Um and so uh >> yeah the GitHub app is coming along. I >> yeah the GitHub app is coming along. I >> yeah the GitHub app is coming along. I want to look at the let's see what other want to look at the let's see what other want to look at the let's see what other things we had here. The browser one I things we had here. The browser one I things we had here. The browser one I think is giving me problem. I want to think is giving me problem. I want to
[03:27:28] think is giving me problem. I want to look at this agent control plane. Oh look at this agent control plane. Oh look at this agent control plane. Oh goodness it looks like it this one's goodness it looks like it this one's goodness it looks like it this one's starting to come together too. Um so we starting to come together too. Um so we starting to come together too. Um so we have let's see scrolling down. Looks like we're trying to do some Looks like we're trying to do some things with, by the way, look. Mine is things with, by the way, look. Mine is things with, by the way, look. Mine is rendering in the foldable thing. Look at rendering in the foldable thing. Look at rendering in the foldable thing. Look at this in the browser canvas. this in the browser canvas. this in the browser canvas. See? >> Well, how did you do that? >> Well, how did you do that? >> Well, how did you do that? >> I don't know what I did. It wasn't >> I don't know what I did. It wasn't >> I don't know what I did. It wasn't working. It wasn't working in the other working. It wasn't working in the other working. It wasn't working in the other one. Um, wait. Does something show in one. Um, wait. Does something show in
[03:28:00] one. Um, wait. Does something show in the front? the front? the front? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. There we go. >> Yeah. There we go. >> Yeah. There we go. >> What is going on? Why is this so hard >> What is going on? Why is this so hard >> What is going on? Why is this so hard for me? Wait, for me? Wait, for me? Wait, >> I didn't do anything special. I don't >> I didn't do anything special. I don't >> I didn't do anything special. I don't know why, but it's right. Okay. So know why, but it's right. Okay. So know why, but it's right. Okay. So interesting. I don't know how I got interesting. I don't know how I got interesting. I don't know how I got here. I got to be honest. Um but it here. I got to be honest. Um but it here. I got to be honest. Um but it looks like it looks like I have some O looks like it looks like I have some O looks like it looks like I have some O issues. So I'm getting tons of issues. So I'm getting tons of issues. So I'm getting tons of connection checks. connection checks. connection checks. >> Okay. I think I've got it. >> Okay. I think I've got it. >> Okay. I think I've got it. >> Okay. All right. Let's jump back to you >> Okay. All right. Let's jump back to you >> Okay. All right. Let's jump back to you then. I'm rebooting Chrome. >> What did you do? Were you did you go
[03:28:34] >> What did you do? Were you did you go enable other settings or did enable other settings or did enable other settings or did >> No, it's just the same two settings but >> No, it's just the same two settings but >> No, it's just the same two settings but this time on Chrome Canary. this time on Chrome Canary. this time on Chrome Canary. >> Oh, you needed >> Oh, you needed >> Oh, you needed >> They're working. Okay. All right. All >> They're working. Okay. All right. All >> They're working. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. Oh my gosh. right. Okay. Oh my gosh. right. Okay. Oh my gosh. >> All right. I'm excited about this. >> All right. I'm excited about this. >> All right. I'm excited about this. >> I think there's too many apps on it, >> I think there's too many apps on it, >> I think there's too many apps on it, though. Like it can't though. Like it can't though. Like it can't >> Yeah. I can't even >> Yeah. I can't even >> Yeah. I can't even >> Wait, does search work on the home >> Wait, does search work on the home >> Wait, does search work on the home screen for apps to see like what there screen for apps to see like what there screen for apps to see like what there is? Uh, clips. Uh, clips.
[03:29:04] Uh, clips. >> It does. That's super cool. >> It does. That's super cool. >> It does. That's super cool. >> Wow, that's nice. Okay. Um, so if we do >> Wow, that's nice. Okay. Um, so if we do >> Wow, that's nice. Okay. Um, so if we do books, there's a book. Can I turn the books, there's a book. Can I turn the books, there's a book. Can I turn the phone around? Why does that keep phone around? Why does that keep phone around? Why does that keep happening? >> See, that's not happening for me. I >> See, that's not happening for me. I >> See, that's not happening for me. I don't even have that setting enabled. don't even have that setting enabled. don't even have that setting enabled. >> I just lost the whole phone. >> I just lost the whole phone. >> I just lost the whole phone. >> It's no longer Duo. It's a What's >> It's no longer Duo. It's a What's >> It's no longer Duo. It's a What's a single? I don't know what word I'm a single? I don't know what word I'm a single? I don't know what word I'm looking for there. Oh, there we go. Oh, looking for there. Oh, there we go. Oh, looking for there. Oh, there we go. Oh, there we go. Okay. So, like, how do I there we go. Okay. So, like, how do I there we go. Okay. So, like, how do I Oh, here we go. Okay. Oh, here we go. Okay. Oh, here we go. Okay. >> Oh, >> Oh, >> Oh, >> can I close it? How do you close it? You >> can I close it? How do you close it? You >> can I close it? How do you close it? You do not close it. do not close it. do not close it. >> Yeah, it cannot be closed. But wait, I >> Yeah, it cannot be closed. But wait, I
[03:29:34] >> Yeah, it cannot be closed. But wait, I feel like your apps are taking feel like your apps are taking feel like your apps are taking advantage. >> Boom. >> Boom. >> Boom. >> They're not taking advantage of that >> They're not taking advantage of that >> They're not taking advantage of that real estate, though. real estate, though. real estate, though. >> What do you mean? Yeah, they are. >> What do you mean? Yeah, they are. >> What do you mean? Yeah, they are. >> Oh, is that like the equivalent of >> Oh, is that like the equivalent of >> Oh, is that like the equivalent of your lock screen in this new UX paradigm your lock screen in this new UX paradigm your lock screen in this new UX paradigm when you have it closed? Like, shouldn't when you have it closed? Like, shouldn't when you have it closed? Like, shouldn't if you have what is it? What app is this if you have what is it? What app is this if you have what is it? What app is this library? Should the library be also able library? Should the library be also able library? Should the library be also able to access the front? Because there's to access the front? Because there's to access the front? Because there's actually three, actually three, actually three, >> but it's not right now. >> but it's not right now. >> but it's not right now. >> No. Okay. So, we need to what? Tell it >> No. Okay. So, we need to what? Tell it >> No. Okay. So, we need to what? Tell it that all these apps need to be able to that all these apps need to be able to that all these apps need to be able to >> Yeah, I guess so. Ed turn spin around. >> Yeah, I guess so. Ed turn spin around. >> Yeah, I guess so. Ed turn spin around. Okay. All right. So, we just need to let Okay. All right. So, we just need to let
[03:30:05] Okay. All right. So, we just need to let it know like Okay. I got it. I'm it know like Okay. I got it. I'm it know like Okay. I got it. I'm on it. on it. on it. Okay. Just say okay. Okay. All of these Okay. Just say okay. Okay. All of these Okay. Just say okay. Okay. All of these apps need to work in apps need to work in apps need to work in book. What are the different the modes book. What are the different the modes book. What are the different the modes are? Book, closed, book, and flat. are? Book, closed, book, and flat. are? Book, closed, book, and flat. Closed. Book flat and flat. Intent modes. Book flat and flat. Intent modes. Book flat and flat. Intent modes. Um you're gonna have to figure out you're gonna have to figure out
[03:30:35] you're gonna have to figure out >> and so you were in the main session >> and so you were in the main session >> and so you were in the main session the UI for each of these the UI for each of these the UI for each of these um form factors. Okay. Yes, I'm in the um form factors. Okay. Yes, I'm in the um form factors. Okay. Yes, I'm in the main I'm in this main one which was main I'm in this main one which was main I'm in this main one which was controlling all of these. controlling all of these. controlling all of these. >> So then it's going to cascade this >> So then it's going to cascade this >> So then it's going to cascade this message to message to message to >> I assume it's just going to like go back >> I assume it's just going to like go back >> I assume it's just going to like go back to each one of these and start sending to each one of these and start sending to each one of these and start sending messages out again. We'll see. But I messages out again. We'll see. But I messages out again. We'll see. But I feel like some of the apps did have the feel like some of the apps did have the feel like some of the apps did have the front screen working. I might be front screen working. I might be front screen working. I might be misremembering. But misremembering. But misremembering. But >> is this a graph? >> is this a graph? >> is this a graph? >> Am I doing a graph right now? Is this a >> Am I doing a graph right now? Is this a
[03:31:06] >> Am I doing a graph right now? Is this a graph chat? graph chat? graph chat? >> Um, yeah. Loops and graphs. If you aren't yeah. Loops and graphs. If you aren't doing loops and graphs, what are you doing loops and graphs, what are you doing loops and graphs, what are you doing? Are you even doing engineering in doing? Are you even doing engineering in doing? Are you even doing engineering in 2026? Um, 2026? Um, 2026? Um, >> so >> so >> so >> yeah, the goal is to watch them code >> yeah, the goal is to watch them code >> yeah, the goal is to watch them code crazy shenanigans using the power of crazy shenanigans using the power of crazy shenanigans using the power of GitHub code. You're exactly right. GitHub code. You're exactly right. GitHub code. You're exactly right. >> That that is exactly the goal. when we >> That that is exactly the goal. when we >> That that is exactly the goal. when we ideulated this session. ideulated this session. ideulated this session. >> Yep. Trying to get the simulator to >> Yep. Trying to get the simulator to >> Yep. Trying to get the simulator to work. Yes. And we did. Success. work. Yes. And we did. Success. work. Yes. And we did. Success. Yeah. I'll make the share I'll make the Yeah. I'll make the share I'll make the
[03:31:37] Yeah. I'll make the share I'll make the shared app shell adapt to the phone's shared app shell adapt to the phone's shared app shell adapt to the phone's posture so all the apps keep their state posture so all the apps keep their state posture so all the apps keep their state when you fold it. I'm checking the cover when you fold it. I'm checking the cover when you fold it. I'm checking the cover display and tent orientation first. display and tent orientation first. display and tent orientation first. Those need usable single screen Those need usable single screen Those need usable single screen navigation, not just a scaled down navigation, not just a scaled down navigation, not just a scaled down two-creen layout. Got it. two-creen layout. Got it. two-creen layout. Got it. Yeah, man. I was thinking like you do Yeah, man. I was thinking like you do Yeah, man. I was thinking like you do realize chat that a year ago at this realize chat that a year ago at this realize chat that a year ago at this time we did not have Opus 45. time we did not have Opus 45. time we did not have Opus 45. >> I know it. >> I know it. >> I know it. >> What did we have? Was it Sonnet 35? Is >> What did we have? Was it Sonnet 35? Is >> What did we have? Was it Sonnet 35? Is that what everyone was doing? that what everyone was doing? that what everyone was doing? >> No, we were we were further along. It >> No, we were we were further along. It >> No, we were we were further along. It might be Sonnet 4 around this time. No, might be Sonnet 4 around this time. No,
[03:32:08] might be Sonnet 4 around this time. No, because Opus the Opus thing was because Opus the Opus thing was because Opus the Opus thing was like December, right? Uh like December, right? Uh like December, right? Uh >> but wait a minute. Opus was Opus was >> but wait a minute. Opus was Opus was >> but wait a minute. Opus was Opus was around before 45, around before 45, around before 45, >> but it wasn't like Opus as people >> but it wasn't like Opus as people >> but it wasn't like Opus as people >> know it today know it today, >> know it today know it today, >> know it today know it today, >> right? It was like well this was in the >> right? It was like well this was in the >> right? It was like well this was in the time when it was like well we have these time when it was like well we have these time when it was like well we have these like we have reasoning models. like we have reasoning models. like we have reasoning models. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And then we have coding models and it >> And then we have coding models and it >> And then we have coding models and it wasn't it wasn't sure like well should I wasn't it wasn't sure like well should I wasn't it wasn't sure like well should I use 01 to code or should I use opus to use 01 to code or should I use opus to use 01 to code or should I use opus to code or no is that a misuse of that code or no is that a misuse of that code or no is that a misuse of that model and now it's like every model is a model and now it's like every model is a model and now it's like every model is a coding model first and foremost. coding model first and foremost. coding model first and foremost. >> Yes. >> Yes.
[03:32:38] >> Yes. >> Well because every task is a coding >> Well because every task is a coding >> Well because every task is a coding task. Like if you are analyzing data task. Like if you are analyzing data task. Like if you are analyzing data sure you can do that in Excel but you sure you can do that in Excel but you sure you can do that in Excel but you can also use Python right. Um, so like can also use Python right. Um, so like can also use Python right. Um, so like you know it turns out making every task you know it turns out making every task you know it turns out making every task workable with coding is actually very workable with coding is actually very workable with coding is actually very important for if you're trying to important for if you're trying to important for if you're trying to achieve AGI because with coding you can achieve AGI because with coding you can achieve AGI because with coding you can literally create anything as we're literally create anything as we're literally create anything as we're seeing today. But yeah, I mean you're seeing today. But yeah, I mean you're seeing today. But yeah, I mean you're right like um so we track this metric at right like um so we track this metric at right like um so we track this metric at GitHub called uh like retained code at GitHub called uh like retained code at GitHub called uh like retained code from agent and it's essentially one way from agent and it's essentially one way from agent and it's essentially one way that we are able to say like how good is that we are able to say like how good is
[03:33:09] that we are able to say like how good is it is our agent with a particular model it is our agent with a particular model it is our agent with a particular model and with I think GBD41 right when agent and with I think GBD41 right when agent and with I think GBD41 right when agent mode and VS code shipped we were at like mode and VS code shipped we were at like mode and VS code shipped we were at like 50 52% retain code from agent which by 50 52% retain code from agent which by 50 52% retain code from agent which by the way is super cool like it was 0% the way is super cool like it was 0% the way is super cool like it was 0% before yeah like you literally were before yeah like you literally were before yeah like you literally were using natural language and you were using natural language and you were using natural language and you were getting 50% of the code kept Right. And getting 50% of the code kept Right. And getting 50% of the code kept Right. And now with these with the latest now with these with the latest now with these with the latest models and the GitHub copilot harness, models and the GitHub copilot harness, models and the GitHub copilot harness, we are seeing like upwards of 90 and we are seeing like upwards of 90 and we are seeing like upwards of 90 and above percent retain code from agent. above percent retain code from agent. above percent retain code from agent. And so that does drastically change how And so that does drastically change how
[03:33:39] And so that does drastically change how you partner with this thing. Like I you partner with this thing. Like I you partner with this thing. Like I remember the first time we started doing remember the first time we started doing remember the first time we started doing live streams. live streams. live streams. Our trust in the models wasn't quite Our trust in the models wasn't quite Our trust in the models wasn't quite there. We were supervising every single there. We were supervising every single there. We were supervising every single tool command. We're watching the agent tool command. We're watching the agent tool command. We're watching the agent intently like synchronously every single intently like synchronously every single intently like synchronously every single one. So as the models got better, what one. So as the models got better, what one. So as the models got better, what makes it what becomes possible? Okay, makes it what becomes possible? Okay, makes it what becomes possible? Okay, now I can run three of these because I now I can run three of these because I now I can run three of these because I don't need to closely supervise each don't need to closely supervise each don't need to closely supervise each individual one, right? And so like our individual one, right? And so like our individual one, right? And so like our partnership has changed as the models partnership has changed as the models partnership has changed as the models got better. And that was just one year got better. And that was just one year got better. And that was just one year ago. And so it does make you wonder like ago. And so it does make you wonder like ago. And so it does make you wonder like I mean let alone one year like where are I mean let alone one year like where are I mean let alone one year like where are we going to be in a month or two or we going to be in a month or two or
[03:34:09] we going to be in a month or two or three, right? Um so things are three, right? Um so things are three, right? Um so things are definitely changing very fast. Um that's definitely changing very fast. Um that's definitely changing very fast. Um that's for sure. But it's super fun. Like you for sure. But it's super fun. Like you for sure. But it's super fun. Like you can have like a very like scared mindset can have like a very like scared mindset can have like a very like scared mindset about that of like change is hard and about that of like change is hard and about that of like change is hard and like I'm nervous. But like I like I'm nervous. But like I like I'm nervous. But like I actually find it very exhilarating that actually find it very exhilarating that actually find it very exhilarating that like we're able to go and build things like we're able to go and build things like we're able to go and build things like this and we can literally ideate like this and we can literally ideate like this and we can literally ideate software into existence like at the tips software into existence like at the tips software into existence like at the tips of our fingertips or voice. of our fingertips or voice. of our fingertips or voice. >> But then the question becomes and I'm >> But then the question becomes and I'm >> But then the question becomes and I'm curious. I'm going to ask Chad about curious. I'm going to ask Chad about curious. I'm going to ask Chad about this because one of the things that this because one of the things that
[03:34:39] this because one of the things that Chad's complaining about is that we're Chad's complaining about is that we're Chad's complaining about is that we're using these huge expensive models using these huge expensive models using these huge expensive models because we have unlimited tokens and because we have unlimited tokens and because we have unlimited tokens and they do not. Right. And that's a valid they do not. Right. And that's a valid they do not. Right. And that's a valid complaint. But complaint. But complaint. But >> certainly in the future, we will arrive >> certainly in the future, we will arrive >> certainly in the future, we will arrive at a place and point in time when at a place and point in time when at a place and point in time when everyone has basically unmetered access everyone has basically unmetered access everyone has basically unmetered access to this level of intelligence. There's to this level of intelligence. There's to this level of intelligence. There's no doubt. Right. Well, and like you no doubt. Right. Well, and like you no doubt. Right. Well, and like you see that the you know the next see that the you know the next see that the you know the next generation of models like sure there's generation of models like sure there's
[03:35:09] generation of models like sure there's always going to be the frontier ones but always going to be the frontier ones but always going to be the frontier ones but like very quickly like the you know fast like very quickly like the you know fast like very quickly like the you know fast capable cheaper models do have the same capable cheaper models do have the same capable cheaper models do have the same capability as like the powerful models capability as like the powerful models capability as like the powerful models of a generation ago. of a generation ago. of a generation ago. >> Exactly. And so like this sort of >> Exactly. And so like this sort of >> Exactly. And so like this sort of intelligence will roll down into the intelligence will roll down into the intelligence will roll down into the next like you know flash equivalent at next like you know flash equivalent at next like you know flash equivalent at some point in time here that will be some point in time here that will be some point in time here that will be distilled and then the cost point for distilled and then the cost point for distilled and then the cost point for these sorts of things will be much more these sorts of things will be much more these sorts of things will be much more accessible I think like also in real accessible I think like also in real accessible I think like also in real life right like life right like life right like not every task I'm going to just put the not every task I'm going to just put the
[03:35:40] not every task I'm going to just put the most expensive bottle on right um I'm most expensive bottle on right um I'm most expensive bottle on right um I'm going to be a little bit more discerning going to be a little bit more discerning going to be a little bit more discerning I'm going to use things like auto I'm going to use things like auto I'm going to use things like auto I'm going to use hydrofusion right um but going to use hydrofusion right um but going to use hydrofusion right um but like for the purposes this fun demo, like for the purposes this fun demo, like for the purposes this fun demo, it makes sense to it makes sense to it makes sense to >> Yeah. Because we only have a certain >> Yeah. Because we only have a certain >> Yeah. Because we only have a certain amount of time. Yeah. Exactly. amount of time. Yeah. Exactly. amount of time. Yeah. Exactly. >> But I think I the reason why I bring >> But I think I the reason why I bring >> But I think I the reason why I bring that up is because if you think if you that up is because if you think if you that up is because if you think if you like someone once told me when you like someone once told me when you like someone once told me when you listen to someone from a big model lab listen to someone from a big model lab listen to someone from a big model lab talk about something, they're talking talk about something, they're talking talk about something, they're talking about something that you're going to see about something that you're going to see about something that you're going to see 6 to 12 months down the road, right? So 6 to 12 months down the road, right? So 6 to 12 months down the road, right? So what they're working with today is what they're working with today is what
[03:36:11] what they're working with today is what you will be working with in 12 months. you will be working with in 12 months. you will be working with in 12 months. And I think in some sense like what you And I think in some sense like what you And I think in some sense like what you see us doing here today, you will see us doing here today, you will see us doing here today, you will probably have access to in some form or probably have access to in some form or probably have access to in some form or fashion in 12 months, right? You'll have fashion in 12 months, right? You'll have fashion in 12 months, right? You'll have that level of intelligence at a at a c that level of intelligence at a at a c that level of intelligence at a at a c this is not a promise, but just this is not a promise, but just this is not a promise, but just generally how I see this shake out. So generally how I see this shake out. So generally how I see this shake out. So then the question becomes then the question becomes then the question becomes what are we do like where does this go what are we do like where does this go what are we do like where does this go as developers? Like there's this big as developers? Like there's this big as developers? Like there's this big debate about do we read the code? Should debate about do we read the code? Should debate about do we read the code? Should we be reading the code? Like what's the we be reading the code? Like what's the we be reading the code? Like what's the right way to work? What are the right way to work? What are the right way to work? What are the workflows? What are the skills we need? workflows? What are the skills we need? workflows? What are the skills we need? And as these models get smarter and And as these models get smarter and
[03:36:41] And as these models get smarter and smarter, what I find is you don't need smarter, what I find is you don't need smarter, what I find is you don't need that stuff. You don't need that stuff. You don't need that stuff. You don't need all of the workflows that we've all of the workflows that we've all of the workflows that we've assembled to try to make the AI do assembled to try to make the AI do assembled to try to make the AI do things correctly. You don't need things correctly. You don't need things correctly. You don't need anymore. And then it just leaves me anymore. And then it just leaves me anymore. And then it just leaves me wondering like what are what are we going to be like what are what are we going to be like what are what are we going to be doing 12 months from now then? Like is doing 12 months from now then? Like is doing 12 months from now then? Like is it ju is it literally just asking the it ju is it literally just asking the it ju is it literally just asking the agent for things? Is it just walking up agent for things? Is it just walking up agent for things? Is it just walking up to the Star Trek food replicator and to the Star Trek food replicator and to the Star Trek food replicator and punching in what you want and getting a punching in what you want and getting a
[03:37:11] punching in what you want and getting a cheeseburger and that's it? And then cheeseburger and that's it? And then cheeseburger and that's it? And then we're just going to be walking around we're just going to be walking around we're just going to be walking around being like, "Hey, I asked the agent for being like, "Hey, I asked the agent for being like, "Hey, I asked the agent for such and such. Let me show you what the such and such. Let me show you what the such and such. Let me show you what the agent did." agent did." agent did." >> I actually think the challenge that >> I actually think the challenge that >> I actually think the challenge that I see in practice for a lot of teams I see in practice for a lot of teams I see in practice for a lot of teams living at the frontier of AI, even living at the frontier of AI, even living at the frontier of AI, even who have un say you have unlimited who have un say you have unlimited who have un say you have unlimited access, you can run fable everything. access, you can run fable everything. access, you can run fable everything. the challenges that those teams the challenges that those teams the challenges that those teams struggle with is not building the thing, struggle with is not building the thing, struggle with is not building the thing, it's everything else. Right? So it's everything else. Right? So it's everything else. Right? So >> such as >> such as >> such as >> um when you have so much throughput in >> um when you have so much throughput in
[03:37:41] >> um when you have so much throughput in your codebase, even with a very capable your codebase, even with a very capable your codebase, even with a very capable model, you will regress things. There model, you will regress things. There model, you will regress things. There will be weird architectural drift that will be weird architectural drift that will be weird architectural drift that happens over time. um the uh like you happens over time. um the uh like you happens over time. um the uh like you will have increasingly problems will have increasingly problems will have increasingly problems prioritizing the right like you don't prioritizing the right like you don't prioritizing the right like you don't just want your product to become you just want your product to become you just want your product to become you know a ton of random knobs and you are know a ton of random knobs and you are know a ton of random knobs and you are always encouraged not to do that because always encouraged not to do that because always encouraged not to do that because it costs real time to do and with the it costs real time to do and with the it costs real time to do and with the cost of these things taking less time cost of these things taking less time cost of these things taking less time now you have to be more discerning about now you have to be more discerning about now you have to be more discerning about what you do so every a lot of teams I what you do so every a lot of teams I what you do so every a lot of teams I talked to and I gave a talk on the v talked to and I gave a talk on the v
[03:38:12] talked to and I gave a talk on the v code team's approach at build about this code team's approach at build about this code team's approach at build about this of like hey we're seeing our issue count of like hey we're seeing our issue count of like hey we're seeing our issue count skyrocket we're seeing our open PRs, skyrocket we're seeing our open PRs, skyrocket we're seeing our open PRs, even with things like agent merge and even with things like agent merge and even with things like agent merge and the GitHub compod app skyrocket. Um, you the GitHub compod app skyrocket. Um, you the GitHub compod app skyrocket. Um, you start to ask like how are you making start to ask like how are you making start to ask like how are you making sure that like the product is not sure that like the product is not sure that like the product is not drifting away from what we actually want drifting away from what we actually want drifting away from what we actually want it to be. And so in a weird way like I it to be. And so in a weird way like I it to be. And so in a weird way like I actually am like one of the reasons I'm actually am like one of the reasons I'm actually am like one of the reasons I'm very optimistic about GitHub copilot very optimistic about GitHub copilot very optimistic about GitHub copilot besides I think we have an awesome besides I think we have an awesome besides I think we have an awesome harness, we have a great product, we harness, we have a great product, we harness, we have a great product, we have access to all the models is I have access to all the models is I have access to all the models is I really do actually think like a lot of really do actually think like a lot of really do actually think like a lot of this is going to come back to how good this is going to come back to how good
[03:38:42] this is going to come back to how good is your engineering system because sure is your engineering system because sure is your engineering system because sure you can sling code but you really we're you can sling code but you really we're you can sling code but you really we're ship we're shipping real things right ship we're shipping real things right ship we're shipping real things right that have to be production grade and as that have to be production grade and as that have to be production grade and as you have all this velocity like typical you have all this velocity like typical you have all this velocity like typical engineering systems are bad to begin engineering systems are bad to begin engineering systems are bad to begin with and they were not made for this with and they were not made for this with and they were not made for this level of throughput right and so I level of throughput right and so I level of throughput right and so I actually think like we'll spend a lot actually think like we'll spend a lot actually think like we'll spend a lot more time on engineering systems type of more time on engineering systems type of more time on engineering systems type of problems than we do today, problems than we do today, problems than we do today, >> right? But it's not going to be >> right? But it's not going to be >> right? But it's not going to be reviewing code because I see today this reviewing code because I see today this reviewing code because I see today this whole like well you know you should be whole like well you know you should be whole like well you know you should be the one looking at the code before it the one looking at the code before it the one looking at the code before it gets merged and then that's your code, gets merged and then that's your code,
[03:39:13] gets merged and then that's your code, right? You're your thing is making sure right? You're your thing is making sure right? You're your thing is making sure that agents are writing quality code. that agents are writing quality code. that agents are writing quality code. But the problem is then you've just But the problem is then you've just But the problem is then you've just shifted the bottleneck down the road. shifted the bottleneck down the road. shifted the bottleneck down the road. You're not really moving any faster than You're not really moving any faster than You're not really moving any faster than you were before if you're actually you were before if you're actually you were before if you're actually reviewing code. reviewing code. reviewing code. >> I think that is an unrealistic >> I think that is an unrealistic >> I think that is an unrealistic perspective like um it will be a perspective like um it will be a perspective like um it will be a temptation in every single team and temptation in every single team and temptation in every single team and every single organization to say this AI every single organization to say this AI every single organization to say this AI is very powerful you can do more right is very powerful you can do more right is very powerful you can do more right so then you'll do more and I think it's so then you'll do more and I think it's so then you'll do more and I think it's very easy to say like well you should very easy to say like well you should very easy to say like well you should have responsibility for reviewing every have responsibility for reviewing every have responsibility for reviewing every single line of code in practice that single line of code in practice that single line of code in practice that will not happen right people are not will not happen right people are not
[03:39:43] will not happen right people are not going to do that um and so then if going to do that um and so then if going to do that um and so then if that's what the human inertia is of like that's what the human inertia is of like that's what the human inertia is of like okay we're not going to look at this okay we're not going to look at this okay we're not going to look at this thing anymore it's some sort of artifact thing anymore it's some sort of artifact thing anymore it's some sort of artifact which by the way I think is how which by the way I think is how which by the way I think is how programming has always worked we've up programming has always worked we've up programming has always worked we've up continuously upleveled right like I'm continuously upleveled right like I'm continuously upleveled right like I'm not in assembly instructions anymore and not in assembly instructions anymore and not in assembly instructions anymore and then we got like somewhat more modern then we got like somewhat more modern then we got like somewhat more modern programming languages and somewhat more programming languages and somewhat more programming languages and somewhat more modern programming languages and maybe modern programming languages and maybe modern programming languages and maybe this is just the next abstraction. So this is just the next abstraction. So this is just the next abstraction. So it's not uncommon, but like if it's not uncommon, but like if it's not uncommon, but like if you're like, I'm I have to review every you're like, I'm I have to review every you're like, I'm I have to review every line of code, if you're being asked to line of code, if you're being asked to line of code, if you're being asked to deliver like at a much faster pace, deliver like at a much faster pace, deliver like at a much faster pace, that's just not practical, right? that's just not practical, right?
[03:40:15] that's just not practical, right? >> You will be the bottleneck for your >> You will be the bottleneck for your >> You will be the bottleneck for your team's ability to move forward. team's ability to move forward. team's ability to move forward. >> And if you're not writing the code, I do >> And if you're not writing the code, I do >> And if you're not writing the code, I do think there is like a think there is like a think there is like a >> it is cognitively more difficult to jump >> it is cognitively more difficult to jump >> it is cognitively more difficult to jump into a PR and understand someone else's into a PR and understand someone else's into a PR and understand someone else's architecture than it is if you like when architecture than it is if you like when architecture than it is if you like when you artically crafted that code, right? you artically crafted that code, right? you artically crafted that code, right? Oh, it's the worst. And so like I don't Oh, it's the worst. And so like I don't Oh, it's the worst. And so like I don't even actually know that you will be a even actually know that you will be a even actually know that you will be a good reviewer of your own code because good reviewer of your own code because good reviewer of your own code because you don't write it in the way you used you don't write it in the way you used you don't write it in the way you used to before. to before. to before. >> You didn't write it at all. >> You didn't write it at all. >> You didn't write it at all. >> Right. >> Right. >> Right. >> Yes. And and then nobody's emotionally >> Yes. And and then nobody's emotionally >> Yes. And and then nobody's emotionally invested in it. So like you don't really invested in it. So like you don't really invested in it. So like you don't really care if the PR gets merged or not. Do care if the PR gets merged or not. Do care if the PR gets merged or not. Do you know what I mean? There's a human you know what I mean? There's a human
[03:40:45] you know what I mean? There's a human element here. Anyway, there's a very element here. Anyway, there's a very element here. Anyway, there's a very human element. Somebody had said they human element. Somebody had said they human element. Somebody had said they said we will reach a saturation point. said we will reach a saturation point. said we will reach a saturation point. Maybe like Olympic level sprinters being Maybe like Olympic level sprinters being Maybe like Olympic level sprinters being able to improve their times rapidly able to improve their times rapidly able to improve their times rapidly until 10 seconds for 100 meters. So this until 10 seconds for 100 meters. So this until 10 seconds for 100 meters. So this would be like Moore's law. talking about would be like Moore's law. talking about would be like Moore's law. talking about a Moor's law in ter but what are we a Moor's law in ter but what are we a Moor's law in ter but what are we talking about here some are you saying talking about here some are you saying talking about here some are you saying that like in terms of cost or that like in terms of cost or that like in terms of cost or performance like I keep thinking these performance like I keep thinking these performance like I keep thinking these models what'd you get models what'd you get models what'd you get >> I just got the GitHub copilot app >> I just got the GitHub copilot app >> I just got the GitHub copilot app working in this duo so this is real working in this duo so this is real
[03:41:15] working in this duo so this is real GitHub copilot SDK I just said hello GitHub copilot SDK I just said hello GitHub copilot SDK I just said hello right let's do another one hello chat um right let's do another one hello chat um right let's do another one hello chat um default model I'm a little nervous to default model I'm a little nervous to default model I'm a little nervous to open the model picker sometimes I'm open the model picker sometimes I'm open the model picker sometimes I'm flyed things that I should not too. Um, flyed things that I should not too. Um, flyed things that I should not too. Um, and okay, I got agent is running and I and okay, I got agent is running and I and okay, I got agent is running and I got back a response. Um, and so, uh, got back a response. Um, and so, uh, got back a response. Um, and so, uh, yeah, like this is actually I got a diff yeah, like this is actually I got a diff yeah, like this is actually I got a diff viewer here. Like I can actually go and viewer here. Like I can actually go and viewer here. Like I can actually go and build a simple HTML page to promote the build a simple HTML page to promote the build a simple HTML page to promote the live stream with Burke and Pierce at live stream with Burke and Pierce at
[03:41:47] live stream with Burke and Pierce at GitHub copilot day. So, this is actually GitHub copilot day. So, this is actually GitHub copilot day. So, this is actually using real copilot SDK, my real GitHub using real copilot SDK, my real GitHub using real copilot SDK, my real GitHub copilot subscription. Oh, I need to add copilot subscription. Oh, I need to add copilot subscription. Oh, I need to add YOLO mode to this. Look, I have to do YOLO mode to this. Look, I have to do YOLO mode to this. Look, I have to do tool approvals. Um, so I'm going to tool approvals. Um, so I'm going to tool approvals. Um, so I'm going to allow once. allow once. allow once. >> Oh, it's the tool approvals are coming >> Oh, it's the tool approvals are coming >> Oh, it's the tool approvals are coming through, too. Wait, so the SDK is through, too. Wait, so the SDK is through, too. Wait, so the SDK is pushing all that. pushing all that. pushing all that. >> Yeah, the this is the SDK running in the >> Yeah, the this is the SDK running in the >> Yeah, the this is the SDK running in the simulator of the Duo and it looks like simulator of the Duo and it looks like simulator of the Duo and it looks like um Okay, so now like we have let's see, um Okay, so now like we have let's see, um Okay, so now like we have let's see, am I getting changes coming in? No, it am I getting changes coming in? No, it
[03:42:17] am I getting changes coming in? No, it hasn't created the page yet. Um, so hasn't created the page yet. Um, so hasn't created the page yet. Um, so we're going to see if we get changes. we're going to see if we get changes. we're going to see if we get changes. And then to get extremely meta, we And then to get extremely meta, we And then to get extremely meta, we already have a browser. I need a browser already have a browser. I need a browser already have a browser. I need a browser preview in my Duo simulator browser um preview in my Duo simulator browser um preview in my Duo simulator browser um to actually render this website. Um to actually render this website. Um to actually render this website. Um okay, so it render it created. Look, I okay, so it render it created. Look, I okay, so it render it created. Look, I mean it's not the prettiest thing, but mean it's not the prettiest thing, but mean it's not the prettiest thing, but we got we got a diff viewer here. It's we got we got a diff viewer here. It's we got we got a diff viewer here. It's actually showing the thing. Um actually showing the thing. Um actually showing the thing. Um how can I open this in the browser? how can I open this in the browser?
[03:42:48] how can I open this in the browser? What's the path? That is super cool. So, What's the path? That is super cool. So, What's the path? That is super cool. So, we added we got a browser, we got a real we added we got a browser, we got a real we added we got a browser, we got a real GitHub app, we got a real GitHub app, we got a real GitHub app, we got a real GitHub co-pilot app for the Duo. co-pilot app for the Duo. co-pilot app for the Duo. >> Yes, we have a camera, we have we >> Yes, we have a camera, we have we >> Yes, we have a camera, we have we actually have all these apps, but a lot actually have all these apps, but a lot actually have all these apps, but a lot of them don't work. So, like uh like of them don't work. So, like uh like of them don't work. So, like uh like let's look at weather. What kind of let's look at weather. What kind of let's look at weather. What kind of weather app do we get here? Like I don't weather app do we get here? Like I don't weather app do we get here? Like I don't think it's 18 degrees in San Francisco. think it's 18 degrees in San Francisco. think it's 18 degrees in San Francisco. I'm going to go out on a limb. Um I'm going to go out on a limb. Um I'm going to go out on a limb. Um maybe it is. maybe it is. maybe it is. Maybe if that's cells, Maybe if that's cells,
[03:43:18] Maybe if that's cells, it's got to be cyn it's got to be cyn it's got to be cyn >> freedom units or not. >> freedom units or not. >> freedom units or not. >> Yeah, I don't know. Uh, okay. So, we >> Yeah, I don't know. Uh, okay. So, we >> Yeah, I don't know. Uh, okay. So, we have but we have all these different have but we have all these different have but we have all these different apps here, but I think a lot of them apps here, but I think a lot of them apps here, but I think a lot of them just probably just don't work. just probably just don't work. just probably just don't work. >> I would expect that would be the >> I would expect that would be the >> I would expect that would be the case. What would the app store? Did we case. What would the app store? Did we case. What would the app store? Did we ever try that one and even see ever try that one and even see ever try that one and even see >> the app store >> the app store >> the app store >> because it said a built-in app store? >> because it said a built-in app store? >> because it said a built-in app store? >> Yeah. Um, let's put it flat so we can >> Yeah. Um, let's put it flat so we can >> Yeah. Um, let's put it flat so we can actually like actually like actually like >> paper orbit. >> paper orbit. >> paper orbit. >> All right. Is this just like mock data? >> All right. Is this just like mock data? >> All right. Is this just like mock data? What happens if you try to install this? What happens if you try to install this? What happens if you try to install this? >> Add to simulated library. >> Add to simulated library.
[03:43:49] >> Add to simulated library. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. Now go back. What was that? >> Okay. Now go back. What was that? >> Okay. Now go back. What was that? >> Is it actually there? Uh, paper orbit. >> Is it actually there? Uh, paper orbit. >> Is it actually there? Uh, paper orbit. >> All right. Search. >> All right. Search. >> All right. Search. >> I'm assuming it's not. >> I'm assuming it's not. >> I'm assuming it's not. >> Whoa. Orbit. >> Whoa. Orbit. >> Whoa. Orbit. >> Nope. >> Nope. >> Nope. >> Yeah, cuz it doesn't actually exist. >> Yeah, cuz it doesn't actually exist. >> Yeah, cuz it doesn't actually exist. >> I mean, I assumed that was the >> I mean, I assumed that was the >> I mean, I assumed that was the case. >> You know what would be really cool >> You know what would be really cool >> You know what would be really cool though is if we had an app store where though is if we had an app store where though is if we had an app store where it imagines apps and then when I install it imagines apps and then when I install it imagines apps and then when I install one, then just like create it on the one, then just like create it on the one, then just like create it on the fly. >> Yeah, let's do that. I like that idea. >> Yeah, let's do that. I like that idea. >> Yeah, let's do that. I like that idea. on demand app store creation. Type your on demand app store creation. Type your on demand app store creation. Type your idea and we build it on. idea and we build it on. idea and we build it on. >> I gota tell it to stop what you're >> I gota tell it to stop what you're >> I gota tell it to stop what you're doing. Okay, stop what you're doing. Um, doing. Okay, stop what you're doing. Um,
[03:44:19] doing. Okay, stop what you're doing. Um, okay. Bit of a pivot here. Instead of okay. Bit of a pivot here. Instead of okay. Bit of a pivot here. Instead of having all these other apps, let's have having all these other apps, let's have having all these other apps, let's have an app store and I want you to just an app store and I want you to just an app store and I want you to just imagine a ton of different apps that can imagine a ton of different apps that can imagine a ton of different apps that can be in that app store. You don't actually be in that app store. You don't actually be in that app store. You don't actually have to create them, just imagine them. have to create them, just imagine them. have to create them, just imagine them. And then when I click on one to install And then when I click on one to install And then when I click on one to install it, I want you to show an installing it, I want you to show an installing it, I want you to show an installing uh animation. But then while you're uh animation. But then while you're uh animation. But then while you're installing the app is being installed, I installing the app is being installed, I installing the app is being installed, I need it to I need you to build it and need it to I need you to build it and need it to I need you to build it and then actually add it to the simulator. Okay. Now, what's interesting
[03:44:53] Okay. Now, what's interesting here, Pierce, is that because the canvas because the canvas is not showing doesn't have the 3D is not showing doesn't have the 3D is not showing doesn't have the 3D acceleration, I'm having to do it in the acceleration, I'm having to do it in the acceleration, I'm having to do it in the browser. How is the agent going to talk browser. How is the agent going to talk browser. How is the agent going to talk to this browser? Exactly. It's probably to this browser? Exactly. It's probably to this browser? Exactly. It's probably going to do computer use. If it was in going to do computer use. If it was in going to do computer use. If it was in the app, it could just talk to it the app, it could just talk to it the app, it could just talk to it directly. >> Playright. Potentially >> Playright. Potentially >> Playright. Potentially >> could use playright. Okay, we'll just >> could use playright. Okay, we'll just >> could use playright. Okay, we'll just again this is one of those things where again this is one of those things where again this is one of those things where you would before you would have to say you would before you would have to say you would before you would have to say how many lines of code have we written? how many lines of code have we written? how many lines of code have we written? >> 20,000. Y'all want to see how many how >> 20,000. Y'all want to see how many how
[03:45:23] >> 20,000. Y'all want to see how many how many AI credits do you think we've used many AI credits do you think we've used many AI credits do you think we've used here? >> I have no idea. >> I have no idea. >> I have no idea. >> Do y'all want to see? >> Do y'all want to see? >> Do y'all want to see? >> Chad, you want to see how many how many >> Chad, you want to see how many how many >> Chad, you want to see how many how many AI credits? AI credits? AI credits? >> I've written a lot of code over here, >> I've written a lot of code over here, >> I've written a lot of code over here, too. >> Hold on. I'm going to go down. Oh, wait. >> Hold on. I'm going to go down. Oh, wait. >> Hold on. I'm going to go down. Oh, wait. Use my local copilot CLI. using API Use my local copilot CLI. using API Use my local copilot CLI. using API local co-pilot CLI. Yeah. local co-pilot CLI. Yeah. local co-pilot CLI. Yeah. >> 2,642 >> 2,642 >> 2,642 AI credits. So $2642. AI credits. So $2642. AI credits. So $2642. >> That's not bad. >> That's not bad. >> That's not bad. >> No. >> No. >> No. >> For what we cooked up here. >> For what we cooked up here. >> For what we cooked up here. >> Come on. >> Come on. >> Come on. >> And this was all Astra, right? >> And this was all Astra, right? >> And this was all Astra, right? >> This is all Astra. >> This is all Astra. >> This is all Astra. >> Astra on medium. >> Astra on medium. >> Astra on medium. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> I do I do feel like there's also this >> I do I do feel like there's also this
[03:45:53] >> I do I do feel like there's also this temptation from people of like I need to temptation from people of like I need to temptation from people of like I need to always be running high, extra high, max always be running high, extra high, max always be running high, extra high, max reasoning, and I just really don't think reasoning, and I just really don't think reasoning, and I just really don't think that that's necessary. And also it that that's necessary. And also it that that's necessary. And also it adds so much like time to the trajectory adds so much like time to the trajectory adds so much like time to the trajectory that it makes the interaction speed so that it makes the interaction speed so that it makes the interaction speed so much slower. Generally much slower. Generally much slower. Generally >> I think that if anything beyond as I >> I think that if anything beyond as I >> I think that if anything beyond as I understand it for most of these models understand it for most of these models understand it for most of these models once you move beyond high there's once you move beyond high there's once you move beyond high there's diminishing return. So you're getting a diminishing return. So you're getting a diminishing return. So you're getting a little bit more performance but at a lot little bit more performance but at a lot little bit more performance but at a lot more cost more cost more cost >> extremely more cost and in the case of I >> extremely more cost and in the case of I >> extremely more cost and in the case of I mean admittedly offline evaluations are mean admittedly offline evaluations are mean admittedly offline evaluations are not representative of the full story and not representative of the full story and
[03:46:23] not representative of the full story and that's why we have online data too but that's why we have online data too but that's why we have online data too but like we saw with some models in VS Code like we saw with some models in VS Code like we saw with some models in VS Code the higher reasoning efforts actually the higher reasoning efforts actually the higher reasoning efforts actually degraded benchmark performance it wasn't degraded benchmark performance it wasn't degraded benchmark performance it wasn't that they stayed the same and cost more that they stayed the same and cost more that they stayed the same and cost more it actually like our performance went it actually like our performance went it actually like our performance went down which was interesting down which was interesting down which was interesting >> interest yeah so like just because the >> interest yeah so like just because the >> interest yeah so like just because the so a higher reasoning level doesn't It's so a higher reasoning level doesn't It's so a higher reasoning level doesn't It's not smarter. That just means what then? not smarter. That just means what then? not smarter. That just means what then? >> It's just spending. So basically before >> It's just spending. So basically before >> It's just spending. So basically before it responds, it's introspecting and it responds, it's introspecting and it responds, it's introspecting and saying what do I need to do? And it's saying what do I need to do? And it's saying what do I need to do? And it's generating more chain of thought generating more chain of thought generating more chain of thought essentially which in theory that chain essentially which in theory that chain
[03:46:54] essentially which in theory that chain of thought helps to guide the agent when of thought helps to guide the agent when of thought helps to guide the agent when it does its next turn because it has it does its next turn because it has it does its next turn because it has more instructions on what tool to call more instructions on what tool to call more instructions on what tool to call as part of the agent loop, right? And so as part of the agent loop, right? And so as part of the agent loop, right? And so in theory by frontloading more thinking, in theory by frontloading more thinking, in theory by frontloading more thinking, right, the agent reasons more about what right, the agent reasons more about what right, the agent reasons more about what actually needs to be done. it's more actually needs to be done. it's more actually needs to be done. it's more efficient the rest of the trajectory and efficient the rest of the trajectory and efficient the rest of the trajectory and does the right tools, right, everything. does the right tools, right, everything. does the right tools, right, everything. It doesn't like prod around quite as It doesn't like prod around quite as It doesn't like prod around quite as much. In reality, that isn't always much. In reality, that isn't always much. In reality, that isn't always actually the case. Sometimes it tries actually the case. Sometimes it tries actually the case. Sometimes it tries to be too smart for its own good. to be too smart for its own good. to be too smart for its own good. >> So then >> So then >> So then so then it could if it's reasoning more so then it could if it's reasoning more
[03:47:25] so then it could if it's reasoning more then it could if it thinks longer, it then it could if it thinks longer, it then it could if it thinks longer, it could think to a better answer or it could think to a better answer or it could think to a better answer or it could overthink. could overthink. could overthink. >> Yes. Just like a person, >> Yes. Just like a person, >> Yes. Just like a person, >> right? >> right? >> right? Like you can over like you can big brain Like you can over like you can big brain Like you can over like you can big brain a solution as an engineer and it may a solution as an engineer and it may a solution as an engineer and it may just be like hey you should have just be like hey you should have just be like hey you should have just picked something way simpler. You way picked something way simpler. You way picked something way simpler. You way overthought that right. overthought that right. overthought that right. >> Yeah. Oh that happens to me all the >> Yeah. Oh that happens to me all the >> Yeah. Oh that happens to me all the time. It was like this is I'm way over time. It was like this is I'm way over time. It was like this is I'm way over complicating this. complicating this. complicating this. >> Exactly. Um >> Exactly. Um >> Exactly. Um yeah I am I am trying to uh yeah I am I am trying to uh yeah I am I am trying to uh I'm trying to figure out what I should I'm trying to figure out what I should
[03:47:55] I'm trying to figure out what I should do next on this on this Duo simulator I do next on this on this Duo simulator I do next on this on this Duo simulator I got rocking over here. Um because we got rocking over here. Um because we got rocking over here. Um because we got we got agents actually going right. So, we got agents actually going right. So, we got agents actually going right. So, I'm trying to figure out like what I I'm trying to figure out like what I I'm trying to figure out like what I should do next. should do next. should do next. >> You should definitely build it from the >> You should definitely build it from the >> You should definitely build it from the co-pilot app on the simulator. Let's see co-pilot app on the simulator. Let's see co-pilot app on the simulator. Let's see what chat says. I used $30 to build the what chat says. I used $30 to build the what chat says. I used $30 to build the phone UI last night. Yeah. So, $30, phone UI last night. Yeah. So, $30, phone UI last night. Yeah. So, $30, $20,000. $30. $26. It's not that expensive. But, $30. $26. It's not that expensive. But, $30. $26. It's not that expensive. But, you know, if you're doing this all, you know, if you're doing this all, you know, if you're doing this all, we've been here for an hour. So, $25 in we've been here for an hour. So, $25 in we've been here for an hour. So, $25 in an hour. an hour.
[03:48:25] an hour. >> Imagine you just did that all day. Fair. >> Imagine you just did that all day. Fair. >> Imagine you just did that all day. Fair. And we're only r Well, I did fan out to And we're only r Well, I did fan out to And we're only r Well, I did fan out to a bunch of agents, but you could spend a bunch of agents, but you could spend a bunch of agents, but you could spend what a couple hundred bucks a day, $200 what a couple hundred bucks a day, $200 what a couple hundred bucks a day, $200 a day, five days a week. It's going to a day, five days a week. It's going to a day, five days a week. It's going to add up. add up. add up. >> True. But but also like how if you had >> True. But but also like how if you had >> True. But but also like how if you had if I had given you this as a real if I had given you this as a real if I had given you this as a real engineering task, how much time would engineering task, how much time would engineering task, how much time would you have spent on it? you have spent on it? you have spent on it? >> No, I would not. This would have t Well, >> No, I would not. This would have t Well, >> No, I would not. This would have t Well, yes, but like say this was not a yes, but like say this was not a yes, but like say this was not a contrived experience like doing contrived experience like doing contrived experience like doing something like this would have taken you something like this would have taken you something like this would have taken you like a month probably or a couple weeks like a month probably or a couple weeks like a month probably or a couple weeks at least. though, and it just works. at least. though, and it just works.
[03:48:57] at least. though, and it just works. >> I mean, that is very true. Um, but >> I mean, that is very true. Um, but >> I mean, that is very true. Um, but >> there's a there is a trade-off. Your >> there's a there is a trade-off. Your >> there's a there is a trade-off. Your time also has value, right? time also has value, right? time also has value, right? >> Like, you would never do this with your >> Like, you would never do this with your >> Like, you would never do this with your own money, right? You wouldn't go in own money, right? You wouldn't go in own money, right? You wouldn't go in here and build an iPhone. here and build an iPhone. here and build an iPhone. >> Of course not. You're not you're not >> Of course not. You're not you're not >> Of course not. You're not you're not toying around like that. But like I'll toying around like that. But like I'll toying around like that. But like I'll give an example like the GitHub copilot give an example like the GitHub copilot give an example like the GitHub copilot app, right? That came into existence app, right? That came into existence app, right? That came into existence over the course of literally a couple over the course of literally a couple over the course of literally a couple months from a team of like five people, months from a team of like five people, months from a team of like five people, five to seven people. five to seven people. five to seven people. >> And uh like that would have never been >> And uh like that would have never been >> And uh like that would have never been possible. Like I remember okay we had VS possible. Like I remember okay we had VS possible. Like I remember okay we had VS code we had agent mode okay now we need code we had agent mode okay now we need
[03:49:27] code we had agent mode okay now we need copilot CLI that took a couple months copilot CLI that took a couple months copilot CLI that took a couple months right um okay now we need to do app like right um okay now we need to do app like right um okay now we need to do app like that's even more condensed and like so that's even more condensed and like so that's even more condensed and like so like I think like things like that like I think like things like that like I think like things like that would have been like oh you know at would have been like oh you know at would have been like oh you know at Microsoft or any big company we need to Microsoft or any big company we need to Microsoft or any big company we need to go hire a team and boot this team and go hire a team and boot this team and go hire a team and boot this team and hire and we need to write 15 docs on hire and we need to write 15 docs on hire and we need to write 15 docs on what this thing's going to be and that's what this thing's going to be and that's what this thing's going to be and that's going to take six months and before going to take six months and before going to take six months and before anyone writes a line of code okay anyone writes a line of code okay anyone writes a line of code okay finally we have people hired now we need finally we have people hired now we need finally we have people hired now we need to go do that like that app in like old to go do that like that app in like old to go do that like that app in like old Microsoft time would have taken us like Microsoft time would have taken us like Microsoft time would have taken us like two years to ship. two years to ship. two years to ship. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And we got it to market in like a month >> And we got it to market in like a month
[03:49:57] >> And we got it to market in like a month and a half, two months. and a half, two months. and a half, two months. >> So like, >> So like, >> So like, >> but now it does feel like though that >> but now it does feel like though that >> but now it does feel like though that now that we're moving so much quicker now that we're moving so much quicker now that we're moving so much quicker >> that there's more features than anyone >> that there's more features than anyone >> that there's more features than anyone can even keep up with, right? Like you can even keep up with, right? Like you can even keep up with, right? Like you can't you can't keep up with the out can't you can't keep up with the out can't you can't keep up with the out even as someone who's just getting even as someone who's just getting even as someone who's just getting >> the final output, you can't even keep up >> the final output, you can't even keep up >> the final output, you can't even keep up with the output. So we're saying like with the output. So we're saying like with the output. So we're saying like you can't keep up with PRs, just focus you can't keep up with PRs, just focus you can't keep up with PRs, just focus on the output. on the output. on the output. >> But it looks like you're not going to be >> But it looks like you're not going to be >> But it looks like you're not going to be able to keep up with the output either. able to keep up with the output either. able to keep up with the output either. So, but that's why that's why I actually So, but that's why that's why I actually So, but that's why that's why I actually think one of the big challenges and we I think one of the big challenges and we I
[03:50:27] think one of the big challenges and we I again not to plug my talking but we again not to plug my talking but we again not to plug my talking but we talked about I talked about this with talked about I talked about this with talked about I talked about this with Josh at build is like Josh at build is like Josh at build is like >> one of the challenges often for many >> one of the challenges often for many >> one of the challenges often for many teams now the temptation will be to do teams now the temptation will be to do teams now the temptation will be to do everything. It's actually saying no is everything. It's actually saying no is everything. It's actually saying no is like what you need to do more of as a like what you need to do more of as a like what you need to do more of as a team because yeah like if you just add a team because yeah like if you just add a team because yeah like if you just add a million knobs to your product like that million knobs to your product like that million knobs to your product like that is not going to result in a good is not going to result in a good is not going to result in a good product. Yeah, product. Yeah, product. Yeah, >> sure your agent could do 50 sub aents >> sure your agent could do 50 sub aents >> sure your agent could do 50 sub aents and add all these things but like is and add all these things but like is and add all these things but like is that actually a good idea right? So like that actually a good idea right? So like that actually a good idea right? So like as engineers you have to do like a lot as engineers you have to do like a lot as engineers you have to do like a lot more product thinking right because your more product thinking right because your more product thinking right because your job will be increasingly to say no your job will be increasingly to say no
[03:50:58] your job will be increasingly to say no because the temptation will just be to because the temptation will just be to because the temptation will just be to do more. do more. do more. >> Well and part of the problem is I think >> Well and part of the problem is I think >> Well and part of the problem is I think with these agents if the agent is with these agents if the agent is with these agents if the agent is working then you're like okay I'm going working then you're like okay I'm going working then you're like okay I'm going to go do something else while this agent to go do something else while this agent to go do something else while this agent I'm going to do a second thing. I'm going to do a second thing. I'm going to do a second thing. I'm going to do a third thing. Yep. going to do a third thing. Yep. going to do a third thing. Yep. >> And I don't know if you saw um Gwen had >> And I don't know if you saw um Gwen had >> And I don't know if you saw um Gwen had posted on Ax and she said, "Why don't posted on Ax and she said, "Why don't posted on Ax and she said, "Why don't you read While the Agent Works?" And she you read While the Agent Works?" And she you read While the Agent Works?" And she had like a book out and I had this had like a book out and I had this had like a book out and I had this epiphany when I read that like, epiphany when I read that like, epiphany when I read that like, "Oh, >> you don't need to just keep working just >> you don't need to just keep working just >> you don't need to just keep working just because the agent's working." You don't because the agent's working." You don't because the agent's working." You don't need to do that. I think as humans, need to do that. I think as humans,
[03:51:29] need to do that. I think as humans, we're kind of wired to like, well, I'm we're kind of wired to like, well, I'm we're kind of wired to like, well, I'm supposed to be working. I need to do supposed to be working. I need to do supposed to be working. I need to do something else. But then we're just like something else. But then we're just like something else. But then we're just like flinging slop everywhere. There's too flinging slop everywhere. There's too flinging slop everywhere. There's too many things going on. You can't keep up. many things going on. You can't keep up. many things going on. You can't keep up. So yeah, read while the agent So yeah, read while the agent So yeah, read while the agent >> speaking of reading, I'm going back >> speaking of reading, I'm going back >> speaking of reading, I'm going back through the comments. I got a question. through the comments. I got a question. through the comments. I got a question. Can you work in the same repo you're Can you work in the same repo you're Can you work in the same repo you're running the app in? Yes, we have running the app in? Yes, we have running the app in? Yes, we have isolation. So each of these um each of isolation. So each of these um each of isolation. So each of these um each of these agents is running in their own these agents is running in their own these agents is running in their own work tree and when they're running work tree and when they're running work tree and when they're running something like npm rumdev, if the port something like npm rumdev, if the port something like npm rumdev, if the port is taken by another agent, it will just is taken by another agent, it will just is taken by another agent, it will just use a new port. So you can run multiple use a new port. So you can run multiple
[03:52:00] use a new port. So you can run multiple processes from multiple agents at the processes from multiple agents at the processes from multiple agents at the same time. same time. same time. >> It's a Canadian app, Wes is saying in >> It's a Canadian app, Wes is saying in >> It's a Canadian app, Wes is saying in the chat. So, it was Canadian units, the chat. So, it was Canadian units, the chat. So, it was Canadian units, >> not freedom units. >> not freedom units. >> not freedom units. >> It's a Canadian app. >> It's a Canadian app. >> It's a Canadian app. >> Um, so there's that. Um, >> Um, so there's that. Um, >> Um, so there's that. Um, >> well, we need to fix that. >> well, we need to fix that. >> well, we need to fix that. >> Yes, >> Yes, >> Yes, >> this is the worst bug. We have moved. >> this is the worst bug. We have moved. >> this is the worst bug. We have moved. >> Got to get back into Fahrenheit ASAP. >> Got to get back into Fahrenheit ASAP. >> Got to get back into Fahrenheit ASAP. >> Um, >> trying to see where we are here. We're >> trying to see where we are here. We're not quite to our dynamic app store not quite to our dynamic app store not quite to our dynamic app store that's just going to like let us imagine that's just going to like let us imagine
[03:52:31] that's just going to like let us imagine apps on the fly, apps on the fly, apps on the fly, >> but we're close. >> but we're close. >> but we're close. >> We're We are close. I I'm actually like >> We're We are close. I I'm actually like >> We're We are close. I I'm actually like we've been doing this what, like an hour we've been doing this what, like an hour we've been doing this what, like an hour and a hour, hour and a halfish, and like and a hour, hour and a halfish, and like and a hour, hour and a halfish, and like we actually like I was a little we actually like I was a little we actually like I was a little nervous because it took us a while to nervous because it took us a while to nervous because it took us a while to get Canary Chrome installed. But like I get Canary Chrome installed. But like I get Canary Chrome installed. But like I feel like, you know, we've made a lot of feel like, you know, we've made a lot of feel like, you know, we've made a lot of progress here. progress here. progress here. >> We did. Yeah, we got so we got past the >> We did. Yeah, we got so we got past the >> We did. Yeah, we got so we got past the browser issue, which I feel like I browser issue, which I feel like I browser issue, which I feel like I should have just gone into the chat and should have just gone into the chat and should have just gone into the chat and been like, "Hey, use the agent browser been like, "Hey, use the agent browser been like, "Hey, use the agent browser to get the right browser and get this to get the right browser and get this
[03:53:01] to get the right browser and get this whole thing working." Like, why did I whole thing working." Like, why did I whole thing working." Like, why did I spend any time doing that at all? spend any time doing that at all? spend any time doing that at all? >> I think about that all the time. I spend >> I think about that all the time. I spend >> I think about that all the time. I spend like an hour doing something. Why did I like an hour doing something. Why did I like an hour doing something. Why did I just waste an hour doing that? I should just waste an hour doing that? I should just waste an hour doing that? I should have just like deferred that. have just like deferred that. have just like deferred that. >> I don't know. But I do it all the time. >> I don't know. But I do it all the time. >> I don't know. But I do it all the time. I had I did this the other day where So, I had I did this the other day where So, I had I did this the other day where So, this machine right here, I was wiped and this machine right here, I was wiped and this machine right here, I was wiped and set up new before coming out here. And set up new before coming out here. And set up new before coming out here. And when I was setting it up, I tried to when I was setting it up, I tried to when I was setting it up, I tried to run npm install and it's like, well, you run npm install and it's like, well, you run npm install and it's like, well, you know, node's not installed. I was like, know, node's not installed. I was like, know, node's not installed. I was like, oh crap, I gotta set all this stuff up. oh crap, I gotta set all this stuff up. oh crap, I gotta set all this stuff up. And I was like, wait a minute, why don't And I was like, wait a minute, why don't And I was like, wait a minute, why don't I just ask Copilot to set it all up? So, I just ask Copilot to set it all up? So, I just ask Copilot to set it all up? So, I just said, what is missing from this I just said, what is missing from this
[03:53:31] I just said, what is missing from this machine? It's like, I don't know, you machine? It's like, I don't know, you machine? It's like, I don't know, you probably need uh homebrew, rip grab, and probably need uh homebrew, rip grab, and probably need uh homebrew, rip grab, and pnpm, uv, go, rust, open JDK, docker pnpm, uv, go, rust, open JDK, docker pnpm, uv, go, rust, open JDK, docker desktop, docker cli, and I was like, desktop, docker cli, and I was like, desktop, docker cli, and I was like, okay, install all of it. okay, install all of it. okay, install all of it. >> And it just went and did it. It >> And it just went and did it. It >> And it just went and did it. It installed homebrew first and like just installed homebrew first and like just installed homebrew first and like just set up the whole machine. It's like as a set up the whole machine. It's like as a set up the whole machine. It's like as a developer, as a human, I have to just developer, as a human, I have to just developer, as a human, I have to just think every single time I do something. think every single time I do something. think every single time I do something. Should I just have asked AI to do this? Should I just have asked AI to do this? Should I just have asked AI to do this? >> Maybe. >> Maybe.
[03:54:01] >> Maybe. >> I don't know. Answer's probably yes. >> I don't know. Answer's probably yes. >> I don't know. Answer's probably yes. >> So, question from Martin here in the >> So, question from Martin here in the >> So, question from Martin here in the chat. Thanks for hanging out with us, chat. Thanks for hanging out with us, chat. Thanks for hanging out with us, Martin. Uh, when do I create nested Martin. Uh, when do I create nested Martin. Uh, when do I create nested sessions in the app? So, I can give my sessions in the app? So, I can give my sessions in the app? So, I can give my answer. Maybe you have your own. So, answer. Maybe you have your own. So, answer. Maybe you have your own. So, nested sessions. Do you mind going back nested sessions. Do you mind going back nested sessions. Do you mind going back to the thing and showing like okay so to the thing and showing like okay so to the thing and showing like okay so this is a nested session right we have this is a nested session right we have this is a nested session right we have we have a parent session and we have we have a parent session and we have we have a parent session and we have child sessions so there's two scenarios child sessions so there's two scenarios child sessions so there's two scenarios where I primarily use this in the app where I primarily use this in the app where I primarily use this in the app >> one is like uh when I have like a >> one is like uh when I have like a >> one is like uh when I have like a particular task and I very clearly have particular task and I very clearly have particular task and I very clearly have clean separation of work that I want to clean separation of work that I want to
[03:54:31] clean separation of work that I want to set this up into different threads set this up into different threads set this up into different threads that I can follow yes you can do this that I can follow yes you can do this that I can follow yes you can do this with sub aents that are not nested with sub aents that are not nested with sub aents that are not nested sessions but the I just feel like from sessions but the I just feel like from sessions but the I just feel like from a UX perspective the visibility isn't as a UX perspective the visibility isn't as a UX perspective the visibility isn't as good with sub aents sometimes and these good with sub aents sometimes and these good with sub aents sometimes and these are pretty clean separation like each are pretty clean separation like each are pretty clean separation like each thread is an app, right? So that's one thread is an app, right? So that's one thread is an app, right? So that's one scenario. The other one is like I use scenario. The other one is like I use scenario. The other one is like I use this pattern in the app all the time. I this pattern in the app all the time. I this pattern in the app all the time. I call it like the chief of staff pattern call it like the chief of staff pattern call it like the chief of staff pattern where I like will have one session where I like will have one session where I like will have one session where I'm basically commanding the work. So I'm basically commanding the work. So I'm basically commanding the work. So like I will very frequently say like I will very frequently say like
[03:55:02] like I will very frequently say like what are the top five century you know what are the top five century you know what are the top five century you know uh bugs that we have right in the last uh bugs that we have right in the last uh bugs that we have right in the last seven days in the GitHub copod app and seven days in the GitHub copod app and seven days in the GitHub copod app and like it'll come back and it'll say these like it'll come back and it'll say these like it'll come back and it'll say these are the five and like rather than me are the five and like rather than me are the five and like rather than me going copy paste I'm going to go you going copy paste I'm going to go you going copy paste I'm going to go you know create five sessions I just like know create five sessions I just like know create five sessions I just like create the five sessions right create the five sessions right create the five sessions right >> and so like in that case they are >> and so like in that case they are >> and so like in that case they are isolated right and so yes there's the isolated right and so yes there's the isolated right and so yes there's the isolation thing like in the first isolation thing like in the first isolation thing like in the first scenario but it's also that I am able to scenario but it's also that I am able to scenario but it's also that I am able to mentally not have to go and manage those mentally not have to go and manage those mentally not have to go and manage those five I just say keep me updated ated on five I just say keep me updated ated on five I just say keep me updated ated on progress in the main thread and it progress in the main thread and it
[03:55:32] progress in the main thread and it really is like a chief of staff. You're really is like a chief of staff. You're really is like a chief of staff. You're like if anything comes up like let me like if anything comes up like let me like if anything comes up like let me know basically otherwise I trust you to know basically otherwise I trust you to know basically otherwise I trust you to do your thing. And so then rather than do your thing. And so then rather than do your thing. And so then rather than me managing five chats I'm managing one me managing five chats I'm managing one me managing five chats I'm managing one chat and so that's kind of my chat and so that's kind of my chat and so that's kind of my partnership model because when you partnership model because when you partnership model because when you really start leaning into this really start leaning into this really start leaning into this parallelization thing your brain is not parallelization thing your brain is not parallelization thing your brain is not made to handle like 50 things at once, made to handle like 50 things at once, made to handle like 50 things at once, right? And so you kind of have to come right? And so you kind of have to come right? And so you kind of have to come up with these like constructs like this up with these like constructs like this up with these like constructs like this nested sessions thing to actually and nested sessions thing to actually and nested sessions thing to actually and the chief of staff model to actually be the chief of staff model to actually be the chief of staff model to actually be able to achieve that. The other one is able to achieve that. The other one is able to achieve that. The other one is like canvas. Have you been have you been like canvas. Have you been have you been like canvas. Have you been have you been using canvases at all in the GitHub using canvases at all in the GitHub using canvases at all in the GitHub copilot app? copilot app?
[03:56:02] copilot app? >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. So like the other like what if >> Yeah. So like the other like what if >> Yeah. So like the other like what if there was just a visual representation there was just a visual representation there was just a visual representation of what you're trying to do? And so I of what you're trying to do? And so I of what you're trying to do? And so I think when people hear canvas they're think when people hear canvas they're think when people hear canvas they're like just okay there's an HTML file in like just okay there's an HTML file in like just okay there's an HTML file in the side, right? But like a canvas in the side, right? But like a canvas in the side, right? But like a canvas in GitHub copilot app land is something GitHub copilot app land is something GitHub copilot app land is something that can actually reach back into the that can actually reach back into the that can actually reach back into the app and control it. So like we have a app and control it. So like we have a app and control it. So like we have a century canvas going back to the century canvas going back to the century canvas going back to the century example. >> I boot that thing up in standup full >> I boot that thing up in standup full >> I boot that thing up in standup full screen that puppy. Okay, these are the screen that puppy. Okay, these are the screen that puppy. Okay, these are the top five century issues. rather than me top five century issues. rather than me top five century issues. rather than me just copy pasting that right that just copy pasting that right that just copy pasting that right that context back into the app I can just say context back into the app I can just say context back into the app I can just say all right all right
[03:56:32] all right >> create session create session create >> create session create session create >> create session create session create session create session right and then I session create session right and then I session create session right and then I just stay in that canvas and it'll just stay in that canvas and it'll just stay in that canvas and it'll report back to me and so it's like yet report back to me and so it's like yet report back to me and so it's like yet another way you can kind of uplevel your another way you can kind of uplevel your another way you can kind of uplevel your partnership as you parallelize yourself partnership as you parallelize yourself partnership as you parallelize yourself more that's such a hard word parallelize more that's such a hard word parallelize more that's such a hard word parallelize >> parallelize I know it >> parallelize I know it >> parallelize I know it >> I I've gotten better at it because I you >> I I've gotten better at it because I you >> I I've gotten better at it because I you know it's part of the talk track on the know it's part of the talk track on the know it's part of the talk track on the app but it is a hard word to say app but it is a hard word to say app but it is a hard word to say >> I think so I think of it the same way >> I think so I think of it the same way >> I think so I think of it the same way but it's like um it's almost like with but it's like um it's almost like with but it's like um it's almost like with working with people so if you hire one working with people so if you hire one working with people so if you hire one person then you work with that person. person then you work with that person. person then you work with that person. If you hire two people, then you're If you hire two people, then you're If you hire two people, then you're working with two people and you're working with two people and you're working with two people and you're interfacing with those people. Yep. And interfacing with those people. Yep. And interfacing with those people. Yep. And this works well. But at some point, this works well. But at some point,
[03:57:03] this works well. But at some point, if you have 20 people working for you, if you have 20 people working for you, if you have 20 people working for you, you have a real problem. All you do is you have a real problem. All you do is you have a real problem. All you do is meet with people. And so for me, once it meet with people. And so for me, once it meet with people. And so for me, once it gets past like two or three agents, I'm gets past like two or three agents, I'm gets past like two or three agents, I'm now delegating. I need an agent to now delegating. I need an agent to now delegating. I need an agent to manage the other agents. I don't want to manage the other agents. I don't want to manage the other agents. I don't want to talk to those agents. talk to those agents. talk to those agents. >> I need someone to manage that. So that >> I need someone to manage that. So that >> I need someone to manage that. So that paradigm for me is extremely helpful. paradigm for me is extremely helpful. paradigm for me is extremely helpful. So, like here's an example of like an So, like here's an example of like an So, like here's an example of like an iPhone app that I've been working on iPhone app that I've been working on iPhone app that I've been working on where there's a bunch of different where there's a bunch of different where there's a bunch of different issues and I had one sub agent fan out, issues and I had one sub agent fan out, issues and I had one sub agent fan out, >> decide which ones to turn into PRs, turn >> decide which ones to turn into PRs, turn >> decide which ones to turn into PRs, turn them into PRs, test them, then come back them into PRs, test them, then come back
[03:57:34] them into PRs, test them, then come back and tell me, you know, and tell me, you know, and tell me, you know, >> all the tests are passed, are we good to >> all the tests are passed, are we good to >> all the tests are passed, are we good to go? Does everything look good? So then I go? Does everything look good? So then I go? Does everything look good? So then I can go in. I don't want to know anything can go in. I don't want to know anything can go in. I don't want to know anything about these other agents. So that's I about these other agents. So that's I about these other agents. So that's I guess that's how I would think about it. guess that's how I would think about it. guess that's how I would think about it. All right. Where where are we? All right. Where where are we? All right. Where where are we? Run assistance Run assistance Run assistance still loading. I'll run a real install still loading. I'll run a real install still loading. I'll run a real install to confirm the generation. I can't wait. to confirm the generation. I can't wait. to confirm the generation. I can't wait. Let's just No, still not. Still broken. Let's just No, still not. Still broken. Let's just No, still not. Still broken. We're in a broken state. We're in a broken state. We're in a broken state. All right, chat. All right, chat. All right, chat. >> So, while you do that, another question >> So, while you do that, another question
[03:58:04] >> So, while you do that, another question in the chat. By uh so that's supported in the chat. By uh so that's supported in the chat. By uh so that's supported in VS Code, Copilot app, uh Copilot CLI, in VS Code, Copilot app, uh Copilot CLI, in VS Code, Copilot app, uh Copilot CLI, uh all the major copilot clients support uh all the major copilot clients support uh all the major copilot clients support BY. Now the comment was specifically BY. Now the comment was specifically BY. Now the comment was specifically about bring your own key for code about bring your own key for code about bring your own key for code completions though and uh the completions though and uh the completions though and uh the interesting thing about that is we interesting thing about that is we interesting thing about that is we actually did very deeply explore that actually did very deeply explore that actually did very deeply explore that scenario um when we were getting a lot scenario um when we were getting a lot scenario um when we were getting a lot of feedback about completions and our of feedback about completions and our of feedback about completions and our completions model and the interesting completions model and the interesting completions model and the interesting thing is like if you go look not just in thing is like if you go look not just in thing is like if you go look not just in GitHub copilot but any of the major GitHub copilot but any of the major GitHub copilot but any of the major providers in this space their code providers in this space their code
[03:58:35] providers in this space their code completion models are all custom models completion models are all custom models completion models are all custom models and there's a reason for that like most and there's a reason for that like most and there's a reason for that like most of these models are very bad at what's of these models are very bad at what's of these models are very bad at what's called fill-in-the-middle where you have called fill-in-the-middle where you have called fill-in-the-middle where you have like a code snippet and a code snippet like a code snippet and a code snippet like a code snippet and a code snippet and I need you to insert something in and I need you to insert something in and I need you to insert something in the middle. And so there is a reason the middle. And so there is a reason the middle. And so there is a reason that all of these providers have gone that all of these providers have gone that all of these providers have gone and built their own models, us included, and built their own models, us included, and built their own models, us included, for things like code completion and for things like code completion and for things like code completion and nextedit suggestions because most of the nextedit suggestions because most of the nextedit suggestions because most of the off-the-shelf models, even if you put off-the-shelf models, even if you put off-the-shelf models, even if you put Astra on it, which it would be super Astra on it, which it would be super Astra on it, which it would be super slow, but it would it would probably slow, but it would it would probably slow, but it would it would probably actually not do as good a job as you actually not do as good a job as you actually not do as good a job as you think on that sort of task. Um, and so think on that sort of task. Um, and so think on that sort of task. Um, and so like purpose-built models really work like purpose-built models really work
[03:59:05] like purpose-built models really work for it. And so while we could add bring for it. And so while we could add bring for it. And so while we could add bring your own key for code completions, we your own key for code completions, we your own key for code completions, we just found that when we actually tried just found that when we actually tried just found that when we actually tried this with like some off-the-shelf this with like some off-the-shelf this with like some off-the-shelf models, it did not actually work. And so models, it did not actually work. And so models, it did not actually work. And so that's why it hasn't been prioritized as that's why it hasn't been prioritized as that's why it hasn't been prioritized as part of our roadmap. part of our roadmap. part of our roadmap. >> Interesting. I did not know that. I So >> Interesting. I did not know that. I So >> Interesting. I did not know that. I So they're better at completing than they they're better at completing than they they're better at completing than they are finding out what's in the middle. are finding out what's in the middle. are finding out what's in the middle. >> They're better at generating new things, >> They're better at generating new things, >> They're better at generating new things, right, than dealing with the messiness right, than dealing with the messiness right, than dealing with the messiness of a very limited context of your code of a very limited context of your code of a very limited context of your code and a couple lines above and a couple and a couple lines above and a couple and a couple lines above and a couple lines below, right? lines below, right? lines below, right? >> All right. So what are you what are you >> All right. So what are you what are you >> All right. So what are you what are you showing here? showing here? showing here? >> Um, so this is our app. So now we just >> Um, so this is our app. So now we just
[03:59:37] >> Um, so this is our app. So now we just have an app store. That's it. have an app store. That's it. have an app store. That's it. Installed. Discover all categories. Oh, Installed. Discover all categories. Oh, Installed. Discover all categories. Oh, wait. Here's a scroll bar. Shelf light. wait. Here's a scroll bar. Shelf light. wait. Here's a scroll bar. Shelf light. Shape path. Loop studio. Build a rhythm Shape path. Loop studio. Build a rhythm Shape path. Loop studio. Build a rhythm of your own. Word window. One new word. of your own. Word window. One new word. of your own. Word window. One new word. A wider world. What are these? Pocket A wider world. What are these? Pocket A wider world. What are these? Pocket tides. A puzzle with room to breathe. tides. A puzzle with room to breathe. tides. A puzzle with room to breathe. Okay. >> Okay. So, when we actually click >> Okay. So, when we actually click >> Okay. So, when we actually click install on this, allegedly what will install on this, allegedly what will install on this, allegedly what will happen is this app is going to be built happen is this app is going to be built happen is this app is going to be built for us on the fly. for us on the fly. for us on the fly. >> Allegedly. >> Allegedly. >> Allegedly. >> Okay. >> Okay.
[04:00:07] >> Okay. >> Install. >> Install. >> Install. >> All right. The app builder requires npm >> All right. The app builder requires npm >> All right. The app builder requires npm rundev. Static previews cannot build rundev. Static previews cannot build rundev. Static previews cannot build apps. >> What? >> What? >> What? >> Well, it's not. In all fairness, it's >> Well, it's not. In all fairness, it's >> Well, it's not. In all fairness, it's not done. not done. not done. >> It's still running. >> It's still running. >> It's still running. >> We're we're coming in. >> We're we're coming in. >> We're we're coming in. >> I'm jumping in. Yeah. I can't wait. I >> I'm jumping in. Yeah. I can't wait. I >> I'm jumping in. Yeah. I can't wait. I need it right now. need it right now. need it right now. >> I need it right now. >> I need it right now. >> I need it right now. >> I can't wait. >> I can't wait. >> I can't wait. >> So, I also see a couple other things >> So, I also see a couple other things >> So, I also see a couple other things in this app. There's automations. Do you in this app. There's automations. Do you in this app. There's automations. Do you have any automations configured? have any automations configured? have any automations configured? >> Um, >> Um, >> Um, >> are you pretty light on the auto? >> are you pretty light on the auto? >> are you pretty light on the auto? because I wiped this one. But one of the because I wiped this one. But one of the because I wiped this one. But one of the ones I have um is this one is one called ones I have um is this one is one called
[04:00:40] ones I have um is this one is one called dead code removal dead code removal dead code removal >> that I use. And this one runs every >> that I use. And this one runs every >> that I use. And this one runs every single day and it just goes across my single day and it just goes across my single day and it just goes across my repos and it just removes dead code. repos and it just removes dead code. repos and it just removes dead code. Remove dead code and submit a Remove dead code and submit a Remove dead code and submit a PR. But then this right here is a PR. But then this right here is a PR. But then this right here is a problem because if you tell an LLM to problem because if you tell an LLM to problem because if you tell an LLM to remove dead code, remove dead code, remove dead code, >> it's going to find dead code every >> it's going to find dead code every >> it's going to find dead code every single time and it eventually will just single time and it eventually will just single time and it eventually will just start removing types, start removing types, start removing types, >> right? Which you don't want. So what I >> right? Which you don't want. So what I >> right? Which you don't want. So what I do is say remove dead code and then chat do is say remove dead code and then chat do is say remove dead code and then chat I say I say
[04:01:11] I say and then check with um uh you know opus and then check with um uh you know opus and then check with um uh you know opus and see whether or not the code needed and see whether or not the code needed and see whether or not the code needed to be removed to be removed to be removed or are if you are inventing work. Now or are if you are inventing work. Now or are if you are inventing work. Now the reason why this works is because the reason why this works is because the reason why this works is because the first model's job is to find dead code. first model's job is to find dead code. first model's job is to find dead code. It's going to find it every time. The It's going to find it every time. The It's going to find it every time. The second model's job is just to determine second model's job is just to determine second model's job is just to determine whether or not that is invented work or whether or not that is invented work or whether or not that is invented work or actually valuable and then say um do actually valuable and then say um do
[04:01:41] actually valuable and then say um do whatever Opus decides, right? Something whatever Opus decides, right? Something whatever Opus decides, right? Something like this and then like this and then like this and then >> this and this runs every day like 9:00 >> this and this runs every day like 9:00 >> this and this runs every day like 9:00 a.m. just across my repos just removing a.m. just across my repos just removing a.m. just across my repos just removing dead code. So it's just an example. It's dead code. So it's just an example. It's dead code. So it's just an example. It's a very simple example of an automation a very simple example of an automation a very simple example of an automation that you can use. Uh and this would be that you can use. Uh and this would be that you can use. Uh and this would be considered a loop. considered a loop. considered a loop. >> Yeah, I have I like that example. I >> Yeah, I have I like that example. I >> Yeah, I have I like that example. I have like some like non-engineering have like some like non-engineering have like some like non-engineering ones that I have like you know help me ones that I have like you know help me ones that I have like you know help me prepare for my day. So it goes through prepare for my day. So it goes through prepare for my day. So it goes through work IQ all my meetings pull stuff work IQ all my meetings pull stuff work IQ all my meetings pull stuff context from Slack uh you know teams context from Slack uh you know teams
[04:02:13] context from Slack uh you know teams etc. I have one unfortunately for etc. I have one unfortunately for etc. I have one unfortunately for message triage on Slack and Teams message triage on Slack and Teams message triage on Slack and Teams because I wake up I have hundreds of because I wake up I have hundreds of because I wake up I have hundreds of unread DMs and it's like just even you unread DMs and it's like just even you unread DMs and it's like just even you know doing the cursory clickthrough is know doing the cursory clickthrough is know doing the cursory clickthrough is going to take too long and so I have going to take too long and so I have going to take too long and so I have like a prompt built up of like if Martin like a prompt built up of like if Martin like a prompt built up of like if Martin or Burke you know is messaging me we or Burke you know is messaging me we or Burke you know is messaging me we should really prioritize like surfacing should really prioritize like surfacing should really prioritize like surfacing that these other people maybe not. No, that these other people maybe not. No, that these other people maybe not. No, I'm just kidding. Um and then uh like a I'm just kidding. Um and then uh like a I'm just kidding. Um and then uh like a ton for like telemetry for feedback ton for like telemetry for feedback ton for like telemetry for feedback triage on the GitHub copilot app. We triage on the GitHub copilot app. We
[04:02:43] triage on the GitHub copilot app. We have like a massive uh channel with like have like a massive uh channel with like have like a massive uh channel with like thousands of people internally at GitHub thousands of people internally at GitHub thousands of people internally at GitHub where people just come in and give where people just come in and give where people just come in and give feedback about the app. I did have an feedback about the app. I did have an feedback about the app. I did have an automation that was basically going automation that was basically going automation that was basically going through there. It would like investigate through there. It would like investigate through there. It would like investigate their issues. It would tell me if any of their issues. It would tell me if any of their issues. It would tell me if any of them are real. Um it would propose fixes them are real. Um it would propose fixes them are real. Um it would propose fixes if they're relatively self-contained. if they're relatively self-contained. if they're relatively self-contained. But now like actually for that flow, I'm But now like actually for that flow, I'm But now like actually for that flow, I'm using the new Slack integration. Um, and using the new Slack integration. Um, and using the new Slack integration. Um, and I'm just like saying like, you know, I'm just like saying like, you know, I'm just like saying like, you know, anytime anyone is posting in this anytime anyone is posting in this anytime anyone is posting in this internal channel like at GitHub, like go internal channel like at GitHub, like go internal channel like at GitHub, like go investigate this because people post go investigate this because people post
[04:03:13] go investigate this because people post like a screenshot, a video, their logs, like a screenshot, a video, their logs, like a screenshot, a video, their logs, right? Oh, yeah. right? Oh, yeah. right? Oh, yeah. >> And like rather than me like >> And like rather than me like >> And like rather than me like downloading, copy pasting it over into downloading, copy pasting it over into downloading, copy pasting it over into the app, whatever, right? Even having an the app, whatever, right? Even having an the app, whatever, right? Even having an agent go do that. I'm just like, oh, at agent go do that. I'm just like, oh, at agent go do that. I'm just like, oh, at GitHub, like figure it out. GitHub, like figure it out. GitHub, like figure it out. >> Yeah. It's become it's too much to keep >> Yeah. It's become it's too much to keep >> Yeah. It's become it's too much to keep up with. Like you just can't, right? And up with. Like you just can't, right? And up with. Like you just can't, right? And even sometimes I'll like I'll have even sometimes I'll like I'll have even sometimes I'll like I'll have feedback and I'm like, where do I go? feedback and I'm like, where do I go? feedback and I'm like, where do I go? and you're like this Slack channel and I and you're like this Slack channel and I and you're like this Slack channel and I go in there and there's like go in there and there's like go in there and there's like >> I don't know, man. There's like 600 >> I don't know, man. There's like 600 >> I don't know, man. There's like 600 >> uh posts from the last hour >> uh posts from the last hour >> uh posts from the last hour like you could spend all of your time like you could spend all of your time
[04:03:43] like you could spend all of your time just responding to that and get no work just responding to that and get no work just responding to that and get no work done, right? And so like that is what I done, right? And so like that is what I done, right? And so like that is what I mean when I say the challenge for a lot mean when I say the challenge for a lot mean when I say the challenge for a lot of teams is managing that like that is a of teams is managing that like that is a of teams is managing that like that is a different level of throughput than different level of throughput than different level of throughput than you've ever had to deal with in terms of you've ever had to deal with in terms of you've ever had to deal with in terms of feedback and changes. feedback and changes. feedback and changes. >> Okay, so we have this it looks like this >> Okay, so we have this it looks like this >> Okay, so we have this it looks like this is actually working. It says your app is actually working. It says your app is actually working. It says your app is the local build. So, it's building the local build. So, it's building the local build. So, it's building the app and then hopefully it will install app and then hopefully it will install app and then hopefully it will install it here. But it here. But it here. But >> I'm so excited for the payoff here. I >> I'm so excited for the payoff here. I >> I'm so excited for the payoff here. I hope we can get there. hope we can get there. hope we can get there. >> I mean, do you think we get to a world >> I mean, do you think we get to a world >> I mean, do you think we get to a world chat where like this is the world we chat where like this is the world we chat where like this is the world we live in where like you're on your phone, live in where like you're on your phone, live in where like you're on your phone, you're like, man, I'd really like to you're like, man, I'd really like to you're like, man, I'd really like to have an app that does this and you go to have an app that does this and you go to
[04:04:14] have an app that does this and you go to the and you just say that and then it the and you just say that and then it the and you just say that and then it just appears a few minutes later. I just appears a few minutes later. I just appears a few minutes later. I mean, why not? Why can't mean, why not? Why can't mean, why not? Why can't >> I don't I don't actually think so. Not >> I don't I don't actually think so. Not >> I don't I don't actually think so. Not because the agent is Well, because the agent is Well, because the agent is Well, because >> I two years ago, everyone was like, "Oh, >> I two years ago, everyone was like, "Oh, >> I two years ago, everyone was like, "Oh, all these SAS companies are dead. said all these SAS companies are dead. said all these SAS companies are dead. said anyone can replicate their software in 5 anyone can replicate their software in 5 anyone can replicate their software in 5 minutes. And that's true for the minutes. And that's true for the minutes. And that's true for the extremely base case of the software. But extremely base case of the software. But extremely base case of the software. But like then there's all this software that like then there's all this software that like then there's all this software that has endured for decades. And I'm not has endured for decades. And I'm not has endured for decades. And I'm not entirely convinced that just because you entirely convinced that just because you entirely convinced that just because you can vibe code something that kind of can vibe code something that kind of can vibe code something that kind of looks like the same thing that it's looks like the same thing that it's looks like the same thing that it's going to replace it. It turns out if going to replace it. It turns out if
[04:04:44] going to replace it. It turns out if you're doing like, you're doing like, you're doing like, >> you know, payments or you're >> you know, payments or you're >> you know, payments or you're doing things like that. You you do not doing things like that. You you do not doing things like that. You you do not want something that's just like, you want something that's just like, you want something that's just like, you know, some something that someone pulled know, some something that someone pulled know, some something that someone pulled together that no one owns, right? And so together that no one owns, right? And so together that no one owns, right? And so while possible, I actually just from while possible, I actually just from while possible, I actually just from human nature perspective, I'm not human nature perspective, I'm not human nature perspective, I'm not confident that will be the future. confident that will be the future. confident that will be the future. But it's cool that that's like even But it's cool that that's like even But it's cool that that's like even something you can discuss as Oh, look at something you can discuss as Oh, look at something you can discuss as Oh, look at that. Front screen. that. Front screen. that. Front screen. >> There it is. >> There it is. >> There it is. >> However, however I'm supposed to >> However, however I'm supposed to >> However, however I'm supposed to reference this reference this reference this >> building. I don't even know if this is >> building. I don't even know if this is >> building. I don't even know if this is actually building. Uh I think it's front actually building. Uh I think it's front actually building. Uh I think it's front screen. >> I mean, it shouldn't take this long >> I mean, it shouldn't take this long >> I mean, it shouldn't take this long unless we were installing some unless we were installing some
[04:05:14] unless we were installing some ridiculous npm packages. ridiculous npm packages. ridiculous npm packages. >> I mean, it still isn't done. It's >> I mean, it still isn't done. It's >> I mean, it still isn't done. It's still cooking over here. It's still cooking over here. It's still cooking over here. It's still cooking. It's testing. cooking. It's testing. cooking. It's testing. >> I love these new models like Astra and >> I love these new models like Astra and >> I love these new models like Astra and the others. They just test. They don't the others. They just test. They don't the others. They just test. They don't need to You don't need to tell them need to You don't need to tell them need to You don't need to tell them there's a canvas. You don't need to tell there's a canvas. You don't need to tell there's a canvas. You don't need to tell them to run test. They just figure it them to run test. They just figure it them to run test. They just figure it out on their own. All right, we're out on their own. All right, we're out on their own. All right, we're coming down to the last few minutes coming down to the last few minutes coming down to the last few minutes here. What do we need to What do here. What do we need to What do here. What do we need to What do people need to take away from GitHub people need to take away from GitHub people need to take away from GitHub copilot day? copilot day? copilot day? >> Oh man, there's so many cool >> Oh man, there's so many cool >> Oh man, there's so many cool things. Like I think like our things. Like I think like our things. Like I think like our intention with this event is like to intention with this event is like to intention with this event is like to your point like things are changing so your point like things are changing so
[04:05:44] your point like things are changing so fast, right? And there's always new fast, right? And there's always new fast, right? And there's always new things introduced. And so we just wanted things introduced. And so we just wanted things introduced. And so we just wanted to have a moment of reflection of like to have a moment of reflection of like to have a moment of reflection of like how has you know how we work changed how has you know how we work changed how has you know how we work changed with the latest things in the GitHub with the latest things in the GitHub with the latest things in the GitHub copod space and what are some of the copod space and what are some of the copod space and what are some of the most notable things and so you know we most notable things and so you know we most notable things and so you know we talked about the new GitHub copilot app talked about the new GitHub copilot app talked about the new GitHub copilot app right we've demoed that right we've demoed that right we've demoed that extensively in this session. You can get extensively in this session. You can get extensively in this session. You can get that from gh.app that from gh.app that from gh.app give that a try. Um it's been super give that a try. Um it's been super give that a try. Um it's been super awesome to see like how people are awesome to see like how people are awesome to see like how people are adopting that and using it not just for adopting that and using it not just for adopting that and using it not just for engineering tasks but like all work. Um, engineering tasks but like all work. Um, engineering tasks but like all work. Um, and then uh also like new interaction and then uh also like new interaction and then uh also like new interaction patterns like the Slack stuff Megan patterns like the Slack stuff Megan
[04:06:15] patterns like the Slack stuff Megan showed off. I referenced the scenario of showed off. I referenced the scenario of showed off. I referenced the scenario of how we're going into Slack at GitHub, how we're going into Slack at GitHub, how we're going into Slack at GitHub, you know, fix this bug. Going where your you know, fix this bug. Going where your you know, fix this bug. Going where your context already is, having people who context already is, having people who context already is, having people who are reporting the bug actually join in are reporting the bug actually join in are reporting the bug actually join in and building the solution with you. and building the solution with you. and building the solution with you. That's super cool. Um, we talked about That's super cool. Um, we talked about That's super cool. Um, we talked about some of our model and harness some of our model and harness some of our model and harness improvement work like hydrofusion. Um improvement work like hydrofusion. Um improvement work like hydrofusion. Um Patrick came and talked about uh kind of Patrick came and talked about uh kind of Patrick came and talked about uh kind of how our stack is evolving with agent how our stack is evolving with agent how our stack is evolving with agent host protocol to be not just you know host protocol to be not just you know host protocol to be not just you know capable of running on your local machine capable of running on your local machine capable of running on your local machine but any arbitrary remote and so you know but any arbitrary remote and so you know but any arbitrary remote and so you know keep an eye on announcements between now keep an eye on announcements between now
[04:06:45] keep an eye on announcements between now and universe we'll keep making this like and universe we'll keep making this like and universe we'll keep making this like remote agent story more of a thing on remote agent story more of a thing on remote agent story more of a thing on your own compute and so just a couple of your own compute and so just a couple of your own compute and so just a couple of the things like there's always so many the things like there's always so many the things like there's always so many things to keep up with in our world but things to keep up with in our world but things to keep up with in our world but we just wanted to share like a couple we just wanted to share like a couple we just wanted to share like a couple new things that we have been working on new things that we have been working on new things that we have been working on that have changed how we're working here that have changed how we're working here that have changed how we're working here at GitHub and we're excited for you to at GitHub and we're excited for you to at GitHub and we're excited for you to give it a try. Yeah, I totally agree. give it a try. Yeah, I totally agree. give it a try. Yeah, I totally agree. And I think that, you know, for me, what And I think that, you know, for me, what And I think that, you know, for me, what I noticed is a lot of people, Mino, I noticed is a lot of people, Mino, I noticed is a lot of people, Mino, because GitHub Copilot has been around because GitHub Copilot has been around because GitHub Copilot has been around for so long. It was the original. Yes. for so long. It was the original. Yes. for so long. It was the original. Yes. >> And uh and we're still going and so much >> And uh and we're still going and so much >> And uh and we're still going and so much has changed that even for me watching has changed that even for me watching
[04:07:16] has changed that even for me watching the keynote, I was like, whoa, I didn't the keynote, I was like, whoa, I didn't the keynote, I was like, whoa, I didn't realize it was a mobile canvas. I had no realize it was a mobile canvas. I had no realize it was a mobile canvas. I had no idea. Uh and so and then knowing idea. Uh and so and then knowing idea. Uh and so and then knowing about the GitHub Copilot app and people about the GitHub Copilot app and people about the GitHub Copilot app and people ask me all the time, you know, they're ask me all the time, you know, they're ask me all the time, you know, they're like, I'm using Visual Studio Code or like, I'm using Visual Studio Code or like, I'm using Visual Studio Code or I'm using this or that, you know, what I'm using this or that, you know, what I'm using this or that, you know, what is this? Yep. And hopefully people have is this? Yep. And hopefully people have is this? Yep. And hopefully people have seen, you know, and you got a good um seen, you know, and you got a good um seen, you know, and you got a good um you got a good feel for what the GitHub you got a good feel for what the GitHub you got a good feel for what the GitHub Copilot app is, Copilot app is, Copilot app is, >> what it can do. And um yeah, I think >> what it can do. And um yeah, I think >> what it can do. And um yeah, I think it's super exciting to see things like it's super exciting to see things like it's super exciting to see things like hydroofusion and to hear words like 60% hydroofusion and to hear words like 60%
[04:07:46] hydroofusion and to hear words like 60% cheaper. I think everybody wants to hear cheaper. I think everybody wants to hear cheaper. I think everybody wants to hear that right now. I want even I want to that right now. I want even I want to that right now. I want even I want to hear that. hear that. hear that. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Um >> Um >> Um >> go ahead and continue here. But yeah, it >> go ahead and continue here. But yeah, it >> go ahead and continue here. But yeah, it it's been it's been it's been first of all, thank everybody for first of all, thank everybody for first of all, thank everybody for joining us. You know, we're so thank you joining us. You know, we're so thank you joining us. You know, we're so thank you so much for being here with us. But so much for being here with us. But so much for being here with us. But also, it's been it's just been a wild also, it's been it's just been a wild also, it's been it's just been a wild ride to get to this point and we have ride to get to this point and we have ride to get to this point and we have even bigger announcements coming at even bigger announcements coming at even bigger announcements coming at Universe, which is in is it in it's just Universe, which is in is it in it's just Universe, which is in is it in it's just in about a month, right? So, in about a month, right? So,
[04:08:16] in about a month, right? So, >> like if you enjoyed this and you're >> like if you enjoyed this and you're >> like if you enjoyed this and you're like, "Wow, I didn't know all this stuff like, "Wow, I didn't know all this stuff like, "Wow, I didn't know all this stuff was there." Uh you haven't seen anything was there." Uh you haven't seen anything was there." Uh you haven't seen anything yet. Oh, there's a lot there's a lot yet. Oh, there's a lot there's a lot yet. Oh, there's a lot there's a lot more to come. more to come. more to come. >> So, yeah, we'll leave you with that. Um, >> So, yeah, we'll leave you with that. Um, >> So, yeah, we'll leave you with that. Um, thank you so much for being with us. thank you so much for being with us. thank you so much for being with us. That's a wrap on the first ever GitHub That's a wrap on the first ever GitHub That's a wrap on the first ever GitHub copilot day. And if you were here, copilot day. And if you were here, copilot day. And if you were here, >> you are a founder by definition for the >> you are a founder by definition for the >> you are a founder by definition for the event. >> We love it. Yeah. Like we >> We love it. Yeah. Like we >> We love it. Yeah. Like we seriously love the community we have seriously love the community we have seriously love the community we have around GitHub, GitHub Copilot, VS Code. around GitHub, GitHub Copilot, VS Code.
[04:08:47] around GitHub, GitHub Copilot, VS Code. Like it's been awesome to see like Like it's been awesome to see like Like it's been awesome to see like how over the past couple years you've how over the past couple years you've how over the past couple years you've shaped what these products have become. shaped what these products have become. shaped what these products have become. And so, thanks for joining us today, And so, thanks for joining us today, And so, thanks for joining us today, learning what's new, seeing all the cool learning what's new, seeing all the cool learning what's new, seeing all the cool stuff, and we're super excited to party stuff, and we're super excited to party stuff, and we're super excited to party with you guys at Universe in a month. with you guys at Universe in a month. with you guys at Universe in a month. >> Oh, no. I think they're going to throw. >> Oh, no. I think they're going to throw. >> Oh, no. I think they're going to throw. >> Oh, we got something happening here. >> Oh, we got something happening here. >> Oh, we got something happening here. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. >> We're going to end it. >> We're going to end it. >> We're going to end it. >> It would not be a an event like this >> It would not be a an event like this >> It would not be a an event like this unless we had a special surprise. unless we had a special surprise. unless we had a special surprise. Tada. >> One's in my soda. >> One's in my soda. >> Oh, no. Thanks for joining everybody. We >> Oh, no. Thanks for joining everybody. We
[04:09:18] >> Oh, no. Thanks for joining everybody. We really appreciate it. Bye. really appreciate it. Bye. really appreciate it. Bye. >> Signing off.
